With sensations such as numbness or tingling suggest a nerve issue and you should consult your primary doctor to see if a visit to a neurologist is necessary.  Absolutely! I have had seizures (related to bilateral frontal lobe brain atrophy) for more than 30 years. But neurologists (along with physchiatrists) have also diagnosed a condition known as psychogenic non-epileptic disorder. I experience severe anxiety, chronic tension headaches and chronic migraine headaches. I am currently taking Lamictal & Topomax, Klonopin & Inderal, as well as, some "as needed" meds for treatment of the headaches. I mention the headaches as they are factored into my increased anxiety; therefore they, too, are factored into the occurance of the seizures. Internalization of stress most definitely increases the possibility of an occurance. Consequently, I was a registered nurse for more than 20 years, however I held a position in Management/Administration at a Long Term Care Facility and was forced into disability due to the increased frequency and intensity of the seizures partly related to the increased stress that comes with working in this area of the medical field along with the everyday gride of home and family.  Yes stress can play a key factor temporarily or permanent. Your two vital organs, the brain and heart can only take so much before you have severe to moderate medical issues.  I am sorry for your loss. Excessive stress can have deleterious effects on many bodily organs including the eyes. Some eye problems associated with emotional stress include eyelid twitching, uncontrollable eye movements, and leaking of blood vessels to name a few. I recommend that you talk with your family doctor to have a complete medical check-up including blood work. He or she may also want to refer you to an ophthalmologist (medical doctor specializing in eye problems). Please also consider talking with a member of clergy, family, and/or good friends about your loss and your feelings. The grieving process can be emotionally draining and take a long time to reach an acceptable level of acceptance. It's perfectly fine to seek professional counseling and to join a support group for widows. Read the book by Elizabeth K. Ross, "On Death and Dying" to better understand the grieving process. I wish you well during this great time of emotional turmoil and sadness.   A nervous breakdown is typically caused by excess stress in the body. In the field of mental health, a nervous breakdown is classified as an anxiety disorder . Certainly, dizziness is one of the possible symptoms that can result when a person feels anxious. Experiencing dizzy spells along with a nervous breakdown would be a consistent symptom seen in anxiety disorders . Other symptoms displayed may include nausea, shortness of breath, fast heartbeat, irritability, and others.   A nervous breakdown is typically caused by excess stress in the body. In the field of mental health, a nervous breakdown is classified as an anxiety disorder . Certainly, dizziness is one of the possible symptoms that can result when a person feels anxious. Experiencing dizzy spells along with a nervous breakdown would be a consistent symptom of an anxiety disorder. Other symptoms displayed may include nausea, shortness of breath, fast heartbeat, irritability, and others.  If the doctor doesn't know what is causing your sleep disturbance, then it is time to see a physician specializing in sleep disorders. Your sleep hygiene practices appear to be appropriate methods that should produce sleep. Most of the sleep medicines that you've tried are of the OTC variety and usually are not recommended by medical professionals. The Ambien CR is a prescription drug that should have shown some short term sleep improvement. Sleep disorders may be caused by physical or emotional disorders. The reason for its occurrence should be established before any form of treatment is initiated. Sleep is a very important function that the human body requires to recover energy and work-out daily conflicts through dreams . People who sleep poorly and suffer from sleep deprivation may have some of the following symptoms: chronic feeling of being tired, irritability, concentration problems, being prone to accidents, and many other negative effects. This loss of normal sleeping hours can not be made-up at a latter time. Sleeping pills are designed for short term usage, don't always work, and certainly do not fix the underlying sleep disturbance condition. I suggest that you have a complete medical exam including serum blood studies. The next step is to see a sleep disturbance doctor. That person can preform an overnight study monitoring sleeping behavior while your brain activity is being electronically recorded. Eventually you may require an MRI of the brain. If physical problems do not exists, then the next step should be to have a mental health assessment. Sometimes things like chronic worry take over our mind and restful sleep will not happen. Since your sleeping difficulty originated during your teen years, I am inclined to lean towards a medical reason for your sleep disturbance. I recommend obtaining a referral to see a physician specializing in sleep disturbances and come-up with a diagnosis that makes senses and can be appropriately treated.  Pancreatitis is an inflammation of the pancreatic organ. It can present itself in either acute or chronic forms. While it receives well-deserved credit for influencing the development of many other medical conditions, stress is not responsible for causing pancreatitis. Pancreatitis is usually caused by either gallstones; heavy drinking of alcohol over a long period of time, or genetic reasons.  Gardening is not a new treatment option in the mental health field. I worked in a large state mental hospital during the 1960's and 1970's where occupational therapy in the form of gardening was a big part of restoring calmness and joy to many patients. PSDT was an unknown term back then, but aggression and depression showed positive treatment results through use of the hospital's greenhouse and OT staff.The Veterans Administration has supported horticulture therapy for returning war vets over many years. Most sufferers of PTSD can benefit from the calming feeling that gardening can provide. Difficult cases where crime victims have been emotionally traumatized because of having witnessed a brutal murder or were savagely raped, can have a more positive and speedy recovery with the addition of gardening as a therapeutic technique. There is much information on the internet relating to your term paper's requirements. I would suggest that you search the internet for articles and studies that have been conducted on PTSD clients where gardening was used in conjunction with medication and talk therapy to treat this condition. You may also want to contact the VA and interview employees concerning how PSDT is being treated through gardening activities. Another source of help with your paper may be found through anecdotal accountings of gardening therapy as related to you through interviews with treatment professionasl at local hospital and mental health agencies.   Gardening is not a new treatment option in the mental health field. I worked in a large state mental hospital during the 1960's and 1970's where occupational therapy in the form of gardening was a big part of restoring calmness and joy to many patients. PSDT was an unknown term back then, but aggression and depression showed positive treatment results through use of the hospital's greenhouse and OT staff. The Veterans Administration has supported horticulture therapy for returning war vets over many years. Most sufferers of PTSD can benefit from the calming feeling that gardening can provide. Difficult cases where crime victims have been emotionally traumatized because of having witnessed a brutal murder or were savagely raped, can have a more positive and speedy recovery with the addition of gardening as a therapeutic technique. There is much information on the internet relating to your term paper's requirements. I would suggest that you search the internet for articles and studies that have been conducted on PTSD clients where gardening was used in conjunction with medication and talk therapy to treat this condition. You may also want to contact the VA and interview employees concerning how PSDT is being treated through gardening activities. Another source of help with your paper may be found through anecdotal accountings of gardening therapy as related to you through interviews with treatment professional at local hospital and mental health agencies.  Hair loss can be due to many reasons. It is interesting to note that the average adult naturally loses 100 hairs per day (source WebMD). Dieting, taking of some medications, and stress can all be contributing factors to hair loss. Drugs.com reports that Prozac is seen as a causation in the process of losing hair (although on an infrequent basis). Another respected source claims that Prozac causes hair loss in every 100 - 1000 patients. There are also many anecdotal stories from regular folks like us who claim to have lost excessive hair while receiving Prozac therapy. Here are my suggestive actions and final comments: Yes, Prozac is most likely responsible for hair loss in some people. Congratulation on your weight loss, but I would now stay away from the Atkins diet . This low carb diet may be a good catalyst to start losing weight for a short period of time, but is not healthy over the long term..Stress not only affects hair loss ,but also many negative physical and emotional conditions including premature death. Find an outlet to safely eliminate stress. In a nutshell, eat nutritious meals, drink 64 ounces of water daily after discussing it with your doctor, sleep well (7-8 hours nightly), exercise as permitted by your doctor, develop friendships with others, enjoy working on a hobby, take care of a pet or volunteer to help others, and maintain a daily sense of gratitude and joy, These lifestyle changes will absolutely make you feel better and may even help to reduce your hair loss.  Shortness of breath is an early symptom seen in congestive heart failure patients. Swollen ankles and feet is a more serious symptom and may be evidenced by swollen extremities (especially the ankles) and by weight gain. I have known some congestive heart failure victims to gain as much as fifteen pounds in one day. One individual in particular stands out in my mind. She was much younger than 85 years old and took Lasix (diuretic) every day to release excess fluid. When swollen extremities and weight gain of at least seven pounds occurred, Metolazone (known as the turbo pill), was added to the daily regimen for a very short period of time until the acute water build up was under control. Although gaining six pounds of weight in two weeks is not in itself a medical crisis, it is a sign of fluid retention and justifies being assessed in person by a physician. Being 85 years old with overt congestive heart failure symptoms puts this person in a potentially life threatening situation. Despite the upsetting emotions that a trip to the E.R. may evoke in this person, it is better to be safe than sorry. I suggest that you phone her physician first, and then take this person to the hospital for treatment. Best wishes for this lady's speedy recovery.  I have a friend and she had her tube tied for 17yrs. She got pregnant and couldn't belive it. Neither could I, her tube came untied. So yes you could be pregnant. You could be going through mood swing and hot flases and still be pregnant. No one do not know your body, who are they to judge, only God and Mother Nature know best. Good Luck!  Ive consistently advised my patients to say away from supplements to treat thyroid problems mainly because many OTC's contain iodine and claim to boost thyroid function. <?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> Because iodine has medicinal purposes, these treatments can cause harm if handled without knowledge. Thyroid boosters that contain iodine can cause scarring and eventually lead to a loss of thyroid gland function. To be safe, have your healthcare provider review the labeling of the supplement and get your thyroid tested regularly. <o:p></o:p> In iodine sufficient countries, like the U.S. or U.K. salt and bread are supplemented with iodine to help fulfill the RDA. <o:p></o:p>  Home pregnancy tests can help you determine if you are pregnant before the first day of your next scheduled period. Some detect the hormones of pregnancy around four to six days before your next period. Some home pregnancy tests are labeled as being extremely sensitive, however these vary by brand. It's probably best to speak to your local pharmacist about the specifics of each of these over- the- ounter products to help you detect pregnancy as early as possible.  It's wholly possible that this is related to you stopping the Abilify, especially since you seem to have been fine when on both. It's also possible that your depression/bipolar disorder has simply gotten worse, but I think that would be rather unlikely since your sleeping habits are unchanged. As for how long the attacks last, it is not unheard of for them to last from a few minutes to upwards of a few hours - it depends on what triggers them, how severe the attack is, and your individual reaction to them (I can attest from personal experience, from seeing a friend and having one myself). There are the traditional things you can do for yourself to make the attacks more manageable (avoiding triggers, being properly rested, breathing exercises, etc.), and if that doesn't help, maybe your doctor could recommend new medications, such as a generic, less expensive form of Abilify (if there is one).  Also can nipple stimulation create elevated HCG or somehow else throw off a pregnancy test for a positive result or negative result? Being sick? Any help would be nice.  Stress is common among breast cancer patients. Stressors related to the disease may include the uncertainty of one's future, the unpredictability of disease, disability, and financial difficulties. Common stress signals can include disturbed sleep, fatigue, body aches, pain, anxiety, irritability, tension, and headaches.  If you have breast cancer, stress can build and influence how you feel about life. Prolonged stress may lead to frustration, anger, hopelessness, and -- at times -- depression. The person with breast cancer is not the only one affected. Family members are also influenced by the health changes of a loved one. To reduce stress: Keep a positive attitude. Accept that there are events you cannot control. Be assertive instead of aggressive. "Assert" your feelings, opinions, or beliefs instead of becoming angry, combative, or passive. Learn to relax. Exercise regularly. Your body can fight stress better when you are physically fit. Eat well-balanced meals. Rest and sleep. Your body needs time to recover from stressful events. Don't rely on alcohol or drugs to reduce stress. Consider joining a support group.  Managing stress can play an important role in combating cancer-related fatigue. Here are some suggestions that may help. Adjust your expectations. For example, if you have a list of 10 things you want to accomplish today, pare it down to two and leave the rest for other days. A sense of accomplishment goes a long way to reducing stress. Help others understand and support you. Family and friends can be helpful if they can "put themselves in your shoes" and understand what fatigue means to you. Cancer groups can be a source of support as well. Other people with cancer understand what you are going through. Relaxation techniques such as audiotapes that teach deep breathing or visualization can help reduce stress. Activities that divert your attention away from fatigue can also be helpful. For example, activities such as knitting, reading, or listening to music require little physical energy but require attention. If your stress seems out of control, talk to a health care professional.   If Acne caused by Hormones then how one can balance them to stop causing Acne. As one of my friend is suffering form a severe Acne. She is using Betnovate to cure pimple at night. And after curing pimple within 2-3 days she used Retino-A. But, within 2-3 days she got a new pimple on her face and she apply the same for that too. She become frustrate by this unending process and want to get rid of it. I thought she is having very much stress that's why she is having such severe Acne problem.  Did you take pregnancy test if not then please first of all go for it. If you took and it is negative then you are having Amenorrhea in which a woman experience absence of periods for three to six months or longer. It happens due to imblance of body hormones estrogen and progeterone. Due to this hormonal imbalance a woman usually got disturb her normal pattern of periods. And another reason for it in women can be PCOS and Hypothyroidism. So, if you want to regulate your monthly cycle you need to go for HT (Hormonal Therapy) in which a woman need to go on birth control pills to balance the body hormones. These pills or contraceptive pills contains body hormones estrogen and progestrone and help to control irregular periods. And for this you can opt for Depo Provera, Ovral G, Nexplanon and Mirena etc. And you may get these medicines at your doorstep from online pharmacies like, Meds247online etc.  First I want to say, Go To The Doctor! It will put your mind at ease, if nothing else, and reducing your stress is priority 1! There is some cramping associated with a healthy pregnancy, though (your uterus is stretching, alot! It's can be a bit uncomfortable.) So don't worry too much, just tell the doctor what you wrote here, and in the meanwhile Stay Calm!! It's the healthiest thing you can do in this situation.  My personal opinion is, stress! Ask most brides... most get their period on their honeymoon, even if it isn't time. I also, personally, get more regular, when I take on a healthier way of life- food, exercise, happiness. When it happens, it seems to make up for lost time.?? I don't know, but I wouldn't worry.  Fiber is typically beneficial in alleviating constipation, but too much without enough water can actually cause constipation. Keep in mind that there are two types of fiber, soluble and insoluble. Soluble fiber slows digestion and helps you absorb nutrients from food, where insoluble fiber adds bulk to your stool, helping it to pass more quickly through the intestines. Most plant foods contain some of each, but insoluble fiber is more common in wheat bran, whole grains, cereals, seeds, and the skins of many fruits and vegetables. You may have added too much fiber too soon. It might be beneficial to temporarily decrease your fiber intake for now so that you can slowly and gradually reintroduce it back into your diet, allowing your body time to adjust to it better. Youre correct in drinking plenty of fluids since water is necessary to help fiber move stool out of your body. If you eat too much fiber without enough water you can become constipated, so it may be worthwhile to also drink more water even if you feel as though youre getting enough. According to The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, women should aim for 25 grams of fiber per day and men should aim for 38 grams per day. After the age of 50, the recommendations for fiber drop to 21 grams per day for women and 30 grams per day for men. You and your doctor may discuss different needs based on your current health conditions. Another idea may be to try to incorporate foods that might have a natural laxative effect, such as prunes, psyllium seed husk, bran, and methylcellulose to alleviate your constipation. Some people just respond poorly to increases in fiber, so it may be beneficial to discuss this further with your doctor.  Exercise can help you manage stress by releasing endorphins, which are neurotransmitters in your brain that help you to feel good. Another benefit of exercise for stress management is that it can also be used as a break or as personal time away from your stressors to clear your head if necessary. Exercise can also help with depression and anxiety and can help improve your sleep, help you to feel better, or boost your energy levels. There is no one type of exercise that will help you manage stress better than any other. The main thing that you need to find is a type of exercise that you enjoy doing. Exercise should come naturally and should be something that you look forward to doing, not something that you feel forced to do and dont get enjoyment out of. Remember, this is about making yourself happy, so you may have to experiment with different activities until you find something that really works well for you. Set realistic goals that are achievable and dedicate an amount of time that you find manageable so that youre not adding more stress or creating another burden. Besides exercise, there are many other stress-reduction techniques like journaling, meditating, using breathing exercises, or mental/guided imagery. You could also meet with a psychologist, psychiatrist, or your doctor to discuss other treatment/management options.  If you are scheduled for a dobutamine stress echo AND you have a pacemaker, please contact your doctor for specific instructions. Your device may need to be checked before the test. On the day of the stress echocardiogram, do not eat or drink anything except water for four hours before the test. Do not drink or eat caffeine products (cola, chocolate, coffee, tea) for 24 hours before the test. Caffeine will interfere with the results of your test. Do not take any over-the-counter medications that contain caffeine for 24 hours before the test. Ask your doctor, pharmacist, or nurse if you have questions about medications that may contain caffeine. Do not take the following heart medications for 24 hours before your test unless your doctor tells you otherwise, or unless the medication is needed to treat chest discomfort: Beta-blockers (for example, Tenormin, Lopressor, Toprol, or Inderal) Isosorbide dinitrate (for example, Isordil, Sorbitrate) Isosorbide mononitrate (for example, Ismo, Indur, Monoket) Nitroglycerin (for example, Deponit, Nitrostat, Nitropatches) Your doctor may also ask you to stop taking other heart medications on the day of your test. If you have any questions about your medications, ask your doctor. Do not discontinue any medication without first talking with your doctor. If you use an inhaler for your breathing, please bring it with you.  This sounds like anxiety to me? I had it so bad, i would pass out to. Talk to your Dr. about some anti-anxiety meds. There are some out there.  A tuned-up and fueled-up race car will perform much better in a high stakes competition than a car that is low on lubricant, motor oil and gasoline and is firing with a few less spark plugs. It likely works the same way with humans under stress, according to a new Penn State study. Researchers found that including walnuts and walnut oil in the diet of 22 healthy adults with elevated LDL cholesterol, lowered resting blood pressure and blood pressure in response to certain stressors. The stressors in this study included asking participants to give a speech with a few minutes notice or immerse their feet in ice-cold water. The participants consumed about 9 walnuts a day (1.3 ounces) and 1 tablespoon of walnut oil while on the test diet. Whats In Walnuts That Might Be Helping? What are walnuts contributing to our bodies that might be helping to prepare them for physical and emotional stress? Walnuts are a rich source of antioxidant-acting phytochemicals, plus plant omega-3s and fiber. People who show an exaggerated biological response to stress are at higher risk of heart disease. Six Quick Ways To Add Walnuts To Your Day: * Grab a handful of walnuts as a mid-morning or afternoon snack. * Top your hot or cold cereal with some walnuts. * Sprinkle walnuts over your green salads or pasta salads. * Toss some walnuts into risotto, polenta, casseroles, bread stuffing or stuffed peppers. * Sprinkle walnuts into your yogurt or cottage cheese. * Stir some walnuts into your chicken or tuna salad. NOTE: How about walnuts plus ground flaxseed? In one of the study groups, the participants were given 1.5 tablespoons of flaxseed oil (another source of plant omega-3s) in addition to the walnuts. They experienced improved vascular health and a decrease in C-reactive protein blood levels (indicating an anti-inflammatory effect) possibly reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease further. I recommend adding ground flaxseed to your daily diet instead of flax oil because when you consume the ground flaxseed you are getting all of its powerful components together, many of which seem to have synergy. [Journal of the American College of Nutrition, October 4, 2010, Sheila G. West, Associate Professor of Bio Behavioral Health]  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. I hope you seek treatment for your depression and other symptoms. Perhaps you'll find comfort in knowing there is a name for the condition you describe. The compulsive urge to pull your hair out is called " ." This condition frequently goes hand-in-hand with depression or anxiety. I hope you will be happy to learn this condition is treatable. I urge you to find a mental health provider who can help treat your depression and your hair-pulling. It's frequently necessary to see several mental health professionals before you find "the right one," the person you click with, the one who understands you, and the one who is the "right fit" for you. So don't give up if the first person you see doesn't seem to be helpful. Keep trying. Most health insurance plans now cover behavioral health treatment at the same level as medical health treatment. If you are unable to afford treatment, please contact your local branch of the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) or a crisis hotline. Even though you may not be in crisis, the hotline can provide you with resources to help you. I wish you all the best!   is a sterilization procedure that renders you unable to get pregnant. In tubal ligation, the Fallopian tubes are cut or blocked, which makes it impossible for a sperm to reach an egg or for an egg to reach the uterus. Since you had a tubal ligation procedure, it's not likely you're pregnant. That said, you should call your health care provider's office before the Novasure procedure to let them know your period is late. They will be able to advise you regarding what steps to take (such as whether or not they want you to take a pregnancy test). On a broader note, I wanted to say I hope you did not discontinue your medications without the supervision of a health care provider. Conditions like high blood pressure often don't clear up on their own. If you still have blood pressure or depression issues, you would be well-advised to obtain medical treatment to ensure your health and well-being. Best of luck to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're suffering like this. It's bad enough to take on a new job without then coming down with mysterious physical symptoms! Unfortunately, it's impossible to tell whether this is serious or not. Obviously, you should know the and also know the . While anyone can have a heart attack, it's more likely among people with multiple risk factors. I would suggest you make an appointment with your primary health care provider to evaluate your symptoms. Your provider probably will want to run some tests, such as blood work or possibly and EKG. Many medical conditions could cause the symptoms you describe, including low thyroid. Your health care provider can correlate your health history with your new symptoms to arrive at a diagnosis. I hope you feel better soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Of course, it's not possible to diagnose what's going on via a forum like this. It could be your , but then again it could also be a problem with a in the shoulder, , a pinched nerve in your arm or neck, tendinitis, muscle strain -- quite a few things. The only way to tell for sure what's going on and get appropriate treatment is by having a physical exam. Even though you don't have insurance, you may be able to find affordable care at a free or low-cost health clinic in your area. Some clinics charge a fee based on a sliding scale. Others (such as healthcare for the homeless) are entirely free. You might be able to find these clinics by searching on the internet. You might also want to see if you qualify for Medicaid coverage (if you're in the U.S.). I wish I could tell you how to treat your problem, but without a diagnosis it's just not possible. Some of the conditions I listed above may resolve with rest, while others require medication or, as a last resort, surgery. I wish you all the best!  The exact cause of isn't known, but stress and anxiety are believed to be factors. It's important to note IBS is a long-term disorder. It is not something that "comes and goes." Usually a person who has symptoms of IBS has them regularly for many years. On the other hand, stress and anxiety can cause temporary upsets of the digestive tract, too. This is not IBS, per se, because the episodes go away. Stress and anxiety can cause: Stomach upset Nausea Diarrhea Among other things. It's also important to note colonoscopy and endoscopy tests are not used to diagnose IBS. These tests may be given to rule out more serious bowel problems like Crohn's disease. So the fact your colonoscopy and endoscopy results were "fine" does not mean you don't have IBS. You should talk to your primary care provider to find out what your diagnosis is -- if you have a diagnosis at all. Wishing you well!  You may be surprised to learn this absolutely is a symptom you should get checked out. I'd suggest you call as soon as possible for an appointment with your primary care provider. Phantom smells (or, medically speaking, phantosmia) can be caused by a variety of conditions, from a relatively simple upper respiratory infection to something serious like a brain tumor. The latter is relatively rare, but you'd still want to get it ruled out. So, while your phantosmia may not warrant a trip to the emergency room, it definitely merits a quick trip to the doctor. Hope this helps!  Yes, you certainly can from freaking out. If I had a nickel for every patient who fainted from stress when receiving an injection or having an IV started, I'd be one rich nurse! Frequently, when a person passes out from stress, it's due to what's called a "vasovagal response." This refers to a momentary malfunction of the parts of the nervous system (including the vagus nerve) that regulate the heart rate. Heart slows down, blood vessels dilate, blood pressure drops, and you pass out. However, you seem to faint more than would normally be expected. Vasovagal syncope (the fancy medical term for fainting while freaking out) usually requires a strong trigger. I would think back relaxation would bring on feelings of euphoria, not stress that causes fainting. Because you're still having fainting episodes after several months, it's time to go back to the doctor to see if something besides a vasovagal response is causing this. Also, if you can feel a fainting episode coming on, try to quickly sit down on the ground before you fall. And always try to protect your head. Best to you!  It's definitely possible to experience real, physical symptoms from emotions. So, yes, that sick feeling in the stomach could be a true physical symptom of your guilty feelings. Stress can produce many physical symptoms, from a racing heart to dermatitis. Some people's bodies are very sensitive to emotion and express those emotions through physical symptoms. I'm sorry you're going through this and suggest you get counseling to help relieve both your feelings of guilt and the physical symptoms those feelings are causing. Best wishes to you!  Good question! I'm sorry your mother is going through this and hope the ulcer heals soon. What your doctor called a "bleeding ulcer" is usually called a " " today. The likely reason the doctor called this a "stress ulcer" is because it used to be thought that mental or emotional stress caused an increase in the production of stomach acid, which in turn could eat through a small area of the stomach lining and cause an ulcer (which is a little sore on the inside of the stomach or intestine). However, there's no real scientific evidence to support the theory that mental stress causes an that leads to ulcers. This relationship may exist, but it's not proven. It's still being investigated. That said, if your mother is under a lot of stress in her life, she owes it to herself to engage in some activities. Simple things like taking five minutes to close her eyes and focus on deep breathing exercises can help reduce stress levels. Physical activity also is a great stress management tool. Listening to music, praying or meditating, going for a walk -- any or all of these things can reduce the body's physical response to mental stress. If your mom needs help with stress management, she can find many resources on the internet. Wishing you both well!  I'm afraid I have bad news. You need to take a pregnancy test. I know you "don't want" to be , but it's always possible to get pregnant when you engage in unprotected sex. Even if you saw no ejaculate ("cum"), men begin producing seminal fluid ("pre-cum") almost immediately upon arousal. This fluid can flow from the penis when it's inside your vagina, and you can become pregnant from it even if your partner does not ejaculate. If you are, in fact, pregnant, you need to know as soon as possible. Do not delay in taking a . Follow the label instructions very carefully. Home pregnancy tests are most accurate when done first thing in the morning because your urine is the most concentrated when you first wake up. For the sake of your health, please use a whenever you have sex in the future. Not only is it quite effective at preventing pregnancy when used correctly, but it will help protect you from several sexually transmitted diseases. If you don't want to become pregnant, please use some type of . You have many choices today. I wish you all the best.  From what you're describing, it sounds highly unlikely you could be pregnant. But I never say never when it comes to pregnancy. If your partner wore a condom throughout this encounter, did not penetrate you, and ejaculated into the condom, then I'd say the odds of pregnancy are slim to none. If your partner did penetrate you prior to pulling out and putting on a condom, that's an entirely different story because any seminal fluid (including "pre-cum") can contain sperm, which can in turn fertilize an egg if they find one. There's no need to take a pregnancy test unless you have actually missed your period (by which I mean it's at least a week late). I realize some home pregnancy test kits say they work even before a missed period, but those are not necessarily the most accurate tests. To obtain an accurate result, wait until you've missed the start of your period, then take a home pregnancy test first thing in the morning, when your urine is the most concentrated. Be very careful with the timing. If you follow all the package instructions, the results should be quite accurate. Wishing you all the best!  It's definitely possible for a girl to get pregnant even if the guy uses a condom. One key piece of information here is: When did you put the condom on? If you inserted your penis in your girlfriend's vagina before putting on the condom, it's possible you impregnated her. That's because pre-ejaculatory fluid ("pre-cum") can contain sperm. If one of those sperm got loose and found an egg, it would make a baby. The only way to tell for sure if your girlfriend is pregnant is for her to take a home pregnancy test. I recommend she do this first thing in the morning, when her urine is the most concentrated. You are correct that stress also can cause a woman's period to be late --or to skip a month altogether. There are many reasons for a woman's cycle to become irregular. Pregnancy and stress are two of those reasons. By the way, I applaud you for practicing safe sex. Even if you believe you already know the correct way to use a condom, I suggest you look over this brief information about it from WebMD on . Correct use of a condom can increase its effectiveness. Wishing you all the best!  Yes, you probably can take an antidepressant with your Adderall if you are diagnosed with depression. That's an excellent question for your health care provider. In fact, it would be a good idea to consult your health care provider, anyway, because the symptoms you describe could be caused by stress and depression -- but they also could be caused by a host of other issues that are easily solved. Your health care provider can do a complete evaluation of your physical and mental health, and then refer you to specialists if necessary. Please don't allow yourself to continue to suffer. Make an appointment to see your regular health care provider today and get on the path to feeling better. Wishing you all the best!  Different things help for different people. For me when I feel anxious I smell oils like lavender and camomile, the smell really helps relax me. If that doesn't work I go for a run or read a book.  Xanax is part of a class of drugs known as Benzodiazepines and is prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders. You may have heard the terms SSRI (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor) or GABA (gamma amino butyric acid) - Xanax changes brain function by altering GABA production in the brain at the receptor sites which alters the persons mood. When used appropriately, Xanax is very effective. Studies have shown that long-term Xanax use can lead to dependence and addiction. Quitting Xanax use cold turkey can be dangerous because the nature of the drugs slows GABA (Gamma Amino Butyric Acid) production and changes brain chemistry. Suddenly stopping Xanax use can be too much for the brain to adjust to can result in serious side effects including horrifying nightmares, delusions, seizures and death. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.   It's called a tension headache (or a stress headache :) ) you can get rid of it by getting a massage, or getting meds for it. some triggers are: I know you can get them from bad knees or hips. Good luck! heres a good site that I used for info http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/tension-headache/DS00304/METHOD=print  Hello! There is a slim chance you could be pregnant. However; I don't believe that you are. Not unless the condom ( I'm assuming that is what you used?) broke, tore, or was defective in some way. Which you'd probably notice upon disposal. I think that you are late and now that your stressing about a maybe baby your period is being delayed more so. So lady I say relax! Grab yourself a glass of wine, a hot bath and good book and try not to think about it. I know it "sounds" easier said than done. But worrying isn't going to help you. Believe me honey I have been where you are a few times... up until finally getting my period on the very last day of the month or on the first of the next!! I wouldn't re- take another test until you haven't received a period by the next month. If it still comes up negative make yourself a doctors appointment if nothing else hearing that your not pregnant from a license doctor along with figuring out whats up with your wonky menstrual cycle will put you at ease.  Hi, it is common to lose your erection if you have any concerns or worries - or if you have a heavy work load and when you're not feeling well. Sex requires a huge amount of energy output from your brain and if you're already feeling tired or distracted, then your brain is redirecting the required energy to other parts of your body - equating to no erection.  I would ask your primary or OB/GYN to do a blood test for your hormone levels. I would also talk to your doctor about any medication you have been taking long-term and/or currently taking (include ANY over the counter meds, vitamins and any supplements).  High stress levels have been shown to dramatically increase the occurrence of canker sores. One study fount that periods of increased mental stress can raise occurrence rates 350% above baseline. Physical stress is also a factor, increasing rates to 1.4 times normal. (Huling et al. 2011. J Oral Pathol Med. Nov 12.) Acute treatment of canker sores should focus on sealing the lesion and resolving the pain. The most effective treatment in this regard is Debacterol, a prescription treatment available from EPIEN Medical (www.Debacterol.com). More information can also be found at FocusedRx.com. If Debacterol is not available then consider treating pain with a benzocaine containing products. More on prevention of sores can be found on FocusedRx site. <!-- /* Font Definitions */ @font-face 	{font-family:Verdana; 	panose-1:2 11 6 4 3 5 4 4 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:auto; 	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:3 0 0 0 1 0;} @font-face 	{font-family:Cambria; 	panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:auto; 	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:3 0 0 0 1 0;} /* Style Definitions */ p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormal 	{mso-style-parent:""; 	margin:0in; 	margin-bottom:.0001pt; 	mso-pagination:widow-orphan; 	font-size:12.0pt; 	font-family:"Times New Roman"; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Cambria; 	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Cambria; 	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Cambria; 	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} @page Section1 	{size:8.5in 11.0in; 	margin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in; 	mso-header-margin:.5in; 	mso-footer-margin:.5in; 	mso-paper-source:0;} div.Section1 	{page:Section1;} -->  If your stress has not caused medical problems (such as hypertension, etc. which you would need to seek medical treatment first), my advice would be to try yoga or some form of exercise. Secondly, try a therapist who can get to the root of your stress. It is always comforting to bounce things to a therapist who is non-partisan and can offer suggestions on how to deal with your stress. Sometimes, it is just changing our perceptions.  Experiencing stress can definitely affect your monthly period. Also not all negative pregnancy tests are accurate. Positive tests are accurate however.  Possibly just a small blood vessel that popped . As long as the bleeding was minimal and a one time thing you should be fine. Next time you visit your Gyno. be sure to tell him/her about it .  the only way to know for sure is to go to your doc or to take a home pregnancy test  If you are pregnant, it would NOT "MOST likely be ectopic." It's simply MORE Likely than if you had not had a tubal ligation, but the odds are still in your favor. I believe the chances of a woman without a tubal ligation, has a 1 in 400 chance of an ectopic pregnancy but now you might have a 1 in 100 chance. So the odds are still quite in your favor but technically, you're "4 times more likely than you were, before" the tubal ligation. Make sense?  It could be a number of things, many of which are correctable or treatable. And a few that can be a big hassle and even a tiny number of problems that could be serious. In any case, it's not a pleasant condition to have. I know what it's like to have those heart racing episodes. They're frightening and distracting and CAN make you feel ill. I used to get dizzy from having my heart race at over 200 bpm.   The kind of swelling you're describing doesn't sound typical to me; at a guess, I'd say it may mean that you have an infection. (That doesn't necessary mean an STI, BTW  it can be a typical, garden-variety infection). But make an appointment to see a urologist so he or she can assess it live and in person and let you know how it should be treated. Too many men decide to just ignore things like this because they're embarrassed, but keeping an eye on penis health is really important. Guys need to check themselves out every day, just to see if there are any changes that might indicate something. It also can help to use a good penis nutrient cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) regularly. One with vitamin A can also help to fight penis odor, a common problem for many men. Good luck!  Here are some resources to explore:  Community mental health agencies provide mental health and substance abuse services, often on a sliding scale. To find an agency near you, contact your state or county Department of Health. [2]  Mental Health America can connect you with hotlines, support groups and self-help resources, as well as affiliate mental health agencies around the country. [3]  The U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) offers a mental health locatorand a substance abuse facility locator to connect you with services in your area. [4]  Teaching hospitals are training grounds for graduate students studying to become mental health professionals. You may be able to receive lower cost care by seeing a student, who will be supervised by licensed professionals. [2]  It can simply be heartburn, but you should definately not ignore this. If you expierience chest pains you should go to an emergency room as soon as possible. Especially if it's happening often.  This is DEFINATELY hypochondria....you DONT have ALS. I thought I did too and it led to me believing a load of other things. Stop thinking about it and you will be fine. But if your still worried, get a check up at the doctors office so they can assure you that you are fine, which worked for me.  I assume that you are getting help for the stress and depression, which is key in getting your appetite back as well. Here are some tips for eating a balanced diet for gradual and healthy weight gain: Get on a regular eating plan including 3 meals and 2-3 snacks. Plan your meals ahead of time and stick to meals meals that you can put together quickly. Over time, you will build a list of healthy, balanced meals you can make for yourself. Include 3-5 food groups at each main meal including a whole grain, lean protein, fruits, vegetables, dairy and healthy fats. For example, in the morning you might have a big bowl of oatmeal topped with fruit and nuts with a boiled egg. Lunch might be a turkey and avocado sandwich with a green salad and fruit. Include 2-3 food groups at snack time which may consist of cheese and whole grain crackers or an apple with peanut butter or half a peanut butter sandwich with raw vegetables and dip or fruit. Include smoothies with protein powder, fruit and veggies, avocado and yogurt/milk. Add healthy fats to foods. Examples include adding natural peanut or almond butter to toast, nuts to cereal or yogurt and avocado to beans. Find ways to be active most days. Exercising more can increase your appetite and you might want to consider strength training exercise to help you put on muscle. For more on healthy ways to gain weight see this article. Good luck!  Canker sores (also called aphthous ulcers) are shallow, red or white sores that develop anywhere inside the mouth. It is not known exactly why these sores develop, but stress does seem to precipitate canker sores in many people. Canker sores go away on their own without any treatment; however, doctors often recommend pain relievers such as ibuprofen or acetaminophen if the sores cause significant pain. There are other medications which can be applied directly to the sore to help prevent the sores from becoming further irritated and to help control pain. Many of these are the same type of medications used for teething pain in young children and babies. Examples include Anbesol, Oragel, and Orabase. In severe cases, doctors may recommend prescription medications in the form of tablets or mouthwashes to help relieve pain and inflammation. There are no proven methods to prevent canker sores from developing. Over-the-counter L-lysine is sometimes used. Good oral hygiene and avoiding hard, crunchy, or irritating foods may help to prevent canker sores that might develop as a result of irritation or trauma to the inside of the mouth.  PTSD is an example of the overstimulated fight/flight center and stress hormones. All the more reason to try to offset this effect with careful attention to good eating and exercise habits.  The big thing to look for with anxiety and stress is that not being able to turn your mind off. Again, thats the most complaint that I get from people with sleep, but if theres an anxiety or stressful issue in your life, and when you lie down to fall asleep, and youve done your hygiene and youve sat down and meditated or relaxed, and you just cant turn your brain off, thats when anxiety and stress is probably a culprit.  When you get stressed, it's normal for your heart rate and blood pressure to rise. The rise in blood pressure can make your heart beat more powerfully in order to pump the blood throughout your body. While this wouldn't be an issue if it happened only occasionally, my concern would be that it could be a sign that your blood pressure may be elevated on a regular basis. Even if it's normal when you're not stressed, if you are stressed frequently and your blood pressure is elevated then, it still deserves attention. First, I would make an appointment with your doctor to get your blood pressure checked. Also, ask your doctor if it would be worth you getting a blood pressure monitor to check your blood pressure when you do feel stressed and hear your heart beating. Also, if you feel that you are stressed frequently, I would look into some maneuvers to help you deal with that stress. First, talk to your doctor about it. Second, there are many things tha tyou can do to help your body deal with stress. Below is more information about the effect of stress on your body and how to tackle it. Don't underestimate the importance of regular exercise and also meditation. There is a lot of research to show that meditation can help your blood pressure and overall health as well as stress. Tips for Managing Stress  Have you tried looking up miners' syndrome? (minerze) inter ear syndrome. I'm not sure on the spelling, however I have found it on WebMD before.  Yes. I suffer from anxiety and when I feel very anxious I can literally bring on a seizure. I went on Zoloft for the anxiety and it is very rare that I have a stressed related seizure anymore.  Hi Read this its from WebMD, here on site, it should answer all your questions and help relax your problems. http://www.webmd.com/sex/birth-control/birth-control-depo-provera Look google natural ways out of depression you should find some help. Do hope you find what you looking for. Good Luck  Hi , So in reverse order. The dicharge and itching sounds like you have BV (bacterial vaginosis) for this its either off to the doctor for a test and meds, or you could try sea salt, its just a couple of handfuls in a warm bath twice daily for a week should help the problem, or there's Boric acid or Garlic, so for more info just google. Sea salt and bv, boric acid and bv and garlic and bv. So your late period, not getting proper sleep and backed up with stress, I would say are the problems, you must sort out your life, if not it will do only more damage to your body. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well must people do know were it comes from, work or home, but just google natural ways out of stress, you should find some help there. Good Luck  Hi I would think it would be safe to resume. Happy Days. Good Luck  Hi If you have a free ER go there, its about all you can do, or find a dentist who gives credit? Good Luck  Hi Just do this you google this, natural ways out of ptsd and this, natural ways out of ocd, and the same goes for any other problem your having, you just google natural ways out of ******, and you get answers. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just put the worry beads away at 15 your body is about to get itself together, so its just your hormones getting there self's together, and when ready they will spring into action, then its periods every month to you get to the menopause. So just enjoy these couple of months break, and please have a nice life. Good Luck  Hi, OK you have not said from were the leak is coming from? So here we go, if its anal just get some sanitary towels and wear one in your pants. If its from your penis wear a sock on it, for some extra protection. Do this till you have an answer. Good Luck  Hi It can be a big problem, yeast infections will do that so here is some sites than can help its all natural, so no more drugs, your find these do work. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp Just copy each one in to google one at a time to open and read each one, just do it from the www. or google garlic and yeast infection, same with sea salt and boric acid for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi By fever do you mean sweaty nights, I think your find its a common thing amongst men, and if you read up about it, your find men do sweat more than women. Perhaps your husband is like me, some night you could float me out of the bed, never anything wrong with me, its just the way I'm built, could be the same with your hubby. End of the day we just sweat at nights. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sina, OK tome to calm down, for your stress google natural ways out of stress, lots of ways you can find a way out of it. For your other things, like constipation, try getting out walking, may help you leg problem as well, but try getting and do some real walking not just a stroll, make it brisk for an hour. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Many things could raise you PSA along with stress. Just go back see your doctor and discuss this with him/her. Good Luck  Hi If you have not been having unprotected sex, then why the test? Sounds like you should be on the BC pill, this would help regulate you periods. But stress will plat havoc with your periods. Find some natural way of relieving your stress, try and keep away from drugs, just google natural ways out of stress, pick a way and stay with it, don't mix them up. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Having a migraine for 4 days is not that bad if you do get migraines, sometimes these can last a lot longer, the best thing would to find a doctor who specialises in migraines, and work form there. Not much but hope it helps. Good Luck Last thought, try this www.earthclinic.com its all natural stuff but you may find something?  Hi Start be googling natural way out of anxiety and depression, read down your find meditation, get into this twice a day should do the trick, may mean getting up a wee bit earlier than you do, but by doing you will sleep better then it should all work in. But if you work sucks, find something you really like, and do that, even if it means a cut in wages, if you feel happy why you work life is so much better. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi Think of this in future, Man has one life, he gets one penis, it has to last a life time, you should have been round your doctors the day you first found it, so doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Yes it can stress brings on all sorts of problems, as your finding out, Have a read of this link from The Mayo Clinic. The Link, http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-living/stress-management/expert-answers/stress-and-hair-loss/faq-20057820 Just copy into googel to open and read. But just google natural ways out of stress for help, its all drug free, but just pick a rout that suits you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So your saying kill your stress and things will get better, try this a simple way, just google natural ways out of stress, see if there's something there you can follow, but do suggest you try some meditation. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi A big sorry that should read rugby, otherwise we don't wont you running around looking for ruby, to get rid of your anger, she would not like it? then again? Good Luck  Hi From info on this site. http://www.crohnsforum.com/showthrea...ight=flu+shots Seems its OK to carry on, most on there have been having them for years. Good Luck  Hi, As you say fix, for him having a vas is just a very simple procedure, his own doctor could do it, this way job done and no more problems once he gets the all clear, you can change his middle name to Martini? its from the advert, anytime, anyplace, anywhere, with no problems. Or its the pill or an IUD, or the good old condoms. I had a vas way back in 1976, drove back home from London to Suffolk, no problems and back to work the next day, it was that simple, sent a sperm sample of at 4 weekly intervals, 12 weeks job done, been very happy ever since, and we still are. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Yes porn,its an addiction, and you are very lucky so far to have come away from it. For you its just a time thing let your body heal itself, it will do it, but you do need to help it, I know your saying your not having any kind of problems, but please just give your self sometime to adjust to life without porn, watch out for a relapse. Its something that could happen anytime. But as you are at the moment, your a role model for some others to follow. Good Luck  Hi See answer above.  Hi There are many sex killers and he has 3 of them, heavy smoking, heavy drinking of alcohol and stress, sorry double stress. So can you see the answers then? he must stop drinking, get rid of the smoking, google natural ways out of stress, you should find some help there. But the drinking and smoking, this is all down to self control. But you also need to look at what he eats, if he is a fast food and junk food eater, then these also need to go, to much high salt and sugars, get him to eat healthy. These would be a good start save going for the Viagra, there are natural herbs that would be far better for him, it can be done, I did. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS, If he's on any meds some of these are also sex killers, just google each drug with ED side effects, you should find things that way.  Hi IF you went cold turkey and just stopped smoking, then you would find that very stressful, so not knowing just how much you smoked, lets say its 20 a day? So for the next 20 days cut one out every other day, so your now down to ten a day, and you feeling good about your self, not quite as hard as you thought, now cut out the habit smoking over the next week, like the one with your first cup of joe, the one after breakfast, the one after lunch, the one after dinner, your just doing one a day, so after that week your now down to 6 a day and your doing good, so over the next week you now cut out 3 more, so now you down to three a day, and feeling really good about, stay on this 3 a day for the next week, then at the end of that week, say bye, bye, smokes. But here is the kick in the tail, from now on your just between smokes one day at a time, when you can get to my daily record which now stands at 17 years plus, see this plan worked for me way back in 1996 around March I think. But you must remember smoking is a drug, and its so nice to have kicked the habit, but there are times when I could kill for a smoke, and so will you, but be strong and keep it to just between smokes. Good Luck, you will need it and less stressful.  Hi, Somebody is a very silly girl then, just because he did not ejaculate, does not mean your not or could be pregnant, never heard of a condom? But you do still have a lot more stress that your carrying, the only thing you can do is wait and see, if you do miss your period, follow these bits of help. You can carry out a pregnancy test on a sample of urine from the first day of a missed period. If you're pregnant, this is about two weeks after conception. Some very sensitive pregnancy tests can be used even before you miss a period. You can do the test on urine collected at any time of the day. It doesn't have to be in the morning. Collect the urine in a clean, soap-free, well-rinsed container. Now do hope things turn out for the best, and it is just stress, the info is just help. One last thing, don't forget there is no sperm in precum or is there? Good Luck  Hi, No its a sign you have a cyst on your ovary. Get a hold of your self, so you had sex, he wore a condom, and he never ejaculated in it, so think back to your sex ED class's, I take it you had some? boy meets girl, they have unprotected sex, the male sperm travels up the vaginal cannel and meets the girls egg, and hay presto all being well she has a baby,. But you had protected sex, and he did not ejaculate, so the answer is, I don't think you are pregnant. Do hope this calms you down. Good Luck, have a nice mas  Hi Even though you may not have been openly thinking about what was coming, deeper you probably was, so its just been a slow build up of stress, stress is a great sex killer, I would wait till you get over you tests first. See how things go from then way before you start labelling your self with ED, look have a think about this. Are you still getting nocturnal erections or morning woods, if the answer is yes then you just normal, the rest is just stress, and of course you may be having some anxiety, put the stress and anxiety together, now you have double barrel problem for a low libido. But just relax, get over your tests and exams, then see if you can get it on with a women, and have a good let go of all your pass troubles. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This just may be down to your drugs, suggest you google this, bipolar drug ---------- side effects forgetfulness, put your drug name in the blank area, and see what comes up. You may find your problem there. Good Luck  Hi Do a bit more searching and look for hour glass penis, look at the images, see if these match yours, then look for help. Should help you. Good Luck   Hi Do a bit more searching and look for hour glass penis, look at the images, see if these match yours, then look for help. Should help you. Good Luck  Hi If this period of unprotected sex was around or just before the 7th of July, give or take the odd day each way, yes you could be pregnant. But you will have to wait till your next period is due, if it comes then you could not be pregnant, if it dose not then its time to get a test done, either an HPT or see your doctor and get one done there. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I have found you two nice links that may help you what you want to know, I think this was the best way to do it for you.. Link one http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/understanding-mrsa-methicillin-resistant-staphylococcus-aureus Link two http://www.staph-infection-resources.com/blog/stress-and-infection/ Do hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi Just reading the Daily Mail, its a UK paper, and they have this in there today. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2681003/Migraine-sufferer-banishes-crippling-headaches-using-hi-tech-headband-emits-electrical-pulses-brain-eradicate-pain.html Just copy into google to open and read. Is this what you want. Good Luck  Hi Well you do know what your problem is then? stress, stress is a sex killer for any man, if your on drugs for stress then you have an even bigger problem Try this just google natural ways out of stress, have a read through and pick a path, but don't keep mixing different ones, your get lost. You can try meditation as a way out, they do say this is a very good way to go. Get over your stress and away from any stress meds, and your soon be back to normal and having good erections. Do hope the helps you. Good Luck  Hi see above answer.  Hi OK very good confession, things from now on can only get better. But before all this starts do your self a big favour, clear away all porn sites from your computer, get rid of any downloads you have stored, throw away any porn discs you have, get a good friend you switch on the anti porn switch and keep the password. Your find this will help your confession to stick, from then on your sex life will get better, instead of masturbating to porn your be having sex with a real women. IF by any chance your getting problems with ejaculating with your g/f when having sex, it could be from gripping your penis to hard, lots of guys who watch porn do this, the vagina has a feather light touch, your way out of this would be to start masturbating with a feather light touch, use some baby oil to help you, and slowly it will get better. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See the above answer.  Hi Both stress and depression are sex killers, even worst if your on meds. But if you google natural ways out of depression, your find lots of ways that might help so you can come of the drugs, if you want to go that way, your find that you can do this with meditation as well. Do hope this helps to you getting your sex life back. Good Luck  Hi So from what your saying your trying to get pregnant? Then you need to have unprotected sex around two days before your ovulation day. OK your futile for two days and it takes male sperm three days to reach your egg, see it all down to timing for some women, and others can get pregnant from anytime of the month. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Not a doctor, but stress is a big sex killer, so would overwork, if with these your not eating properly, your find that's were its all coming from, an you end up with ED, losing an erection is a part of ED. I have worked a few guys through ED. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS try googling natural ways out of stress, and stress and ED.  Hi and welcome to the world of male patient baldness, that's it wave goodbye, and perhaps even cry a little. Now's the time you think of two things, you can either move your parting down to just above you ear, and comb it all over the top, but I do think when you see these guys they do look a bit sad, or just do the manly thing and have your hair cut short. You could try some of these sprays, and spray it back in. But one last thing, it wont grow back, sorry. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its your IBS affecting your hormones, and this then upsets your periods or stops them like yours. There's lots of info going the other way but not much, but I think your find I'm on the right trail, by writing this. But I will come back to you soon. Good Luick  Hi OK It could be your meds for HBP and stress is a sex killer, now for both of these, but you would need to consult with your doctor, for his/her help, But google natural ways out of hbp your find lots of ways you can do that, have a good read and with the help of your doctor cut down the drugs till your free of them, but you must stick to your way out of them. Now Stress just google natural ways out of stress, your find more ways to help there. OK your refractory period, its the time it takes to get an erection again, well you are now over 60, and as we age we do slow down, things that could help are kegels, and jelqing, the kegels are for the pelvic floor and this also helps pump blood into your penis, now the art of jelqing this will help get extra blood down your penis, and this will aid your erections. For both of these exercises just go to www.pegym.com and look under exercises, but also have a good look round the site all very interesting and how things can help your penis. But there are things the can help your erections, that are not drugs and some you may have in your kitchen now, most of these things will help your blood, if our blood is working properly then your get better erections Things like Cayenne Pepper, Garlic, Green Tea, Ginger and even Boric Acid OK supplement's like DHEA, (its a hormone) Tribulus, L-Arginine ( this is nitric acid and helps our erections) and L-Carntine. These are just some of the stuff I take for getting me over ED daily I can get some great nocturnal erections? they wake me up, and some really great morning woods. Have a look on www.franktalk.org your find me on there as NOWHARD you can PM me from there if you want more help. Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Look its no big thing to miss a moth at your age, if you miss two then get to your doctor, but for now I think now do not worry, but as you say could just be down to stress. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Stress is a great sex killer, if can overcome the stress things should come back to normal, google natural ways out of stress. If he's on meds then that would be were another problem lays. He needs to some to get the stress down, if he knows were its coming from, if its his work, then somehow he need for his own piece of mind change it. OK its easy for me to write that last piece, but that is the truth, and not forgetting to much stress can also be a killer, and don't just mean his penis, it can go a lot deeper. I do hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi If you keep to0 just a co0uple of squares each day you should be ok this will not put pressure on your liver. I do the same but for my blood, helps to fight of ED. But google your question as it is your find lots of good answers. Good Luck  Hi First your stress, google natural ways out of stress, lots of ideas for you to look at, even meditation may help you. \as for your emotional baggage, possible therapy could be a lot of help, if you go to the right person who can talk over your problems with, they say a problem shared is a problem halved. But if you need to get rid of anger, try some English ruby may be just what you want, get with the right team, its ruff and tough. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Look you did not have sex you say, he did not ejaculate inside you, then the chances of getting pregnant is a big no, no. These other problems your getting could be all stress related, the other signs can also be just phantom and also stress related. Please have a happy period. Good Luck  Hi As far as your weight goes, why put more on, two thirds of the planet wonts to lose it, they would say lucky you. The Raynauds I have this in a small way, seems to get me this time of the year?, but I find boric acid helps, I take a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water daily, just drink through the day, ask your chemist for it, its dirt cheap, I get 200 grams for a euro here in Greece. As for stress, google natural ways out of stress, lots of ideas your find that even meditation helps. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, For one your body is use to this kind of work, its just the stress part, can you keep away from the stress part, or dose this come as part of the job, lose the stress at work or get into meditation at night, this will distress you. Get your hours cut shorter as you go on, you do this as the weight goes on, but you should if all goes well to around 7 months, but keep a eye on the lifting. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Ok first I would google natural ways out of stress and depression, that should give you to read and advice, then have read of this link from webmd http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/stress-depression This one could help as well. http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-symptoms-causes-and-effects.htm This link just copy into google to open and read. Hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi I would say no, for fly fishing its all in the wrist, all movements come from the wrist, its the one main thing he would use. If need be it would be he goes but only as a spectator, he can still learn even by just watching and it would get him out in the fresh air. Me I used to love my fishing in the UK, but just match fishing. Tight Lines. Good Luck  Hi It still looks like nits your hormones getting out of whack when it comes to your body having a period. You have 2 hormones estrogen and prodgesterone its this second one that triggers your womb to shed its lining, so if there out of whack due to your IBS, its not happening. OK thinking perhaps being on a BC pill with a high prodgesterone will help solve you problem. You would need to put this theory to your doctor or gyno. Do hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Most definitely. There is even a psychological disorder called phantom pregnancy in which your body will actually produce a false pregnancy -- ie. the hormone released in urine, the tender breasts, even the growing belly. If you stress about having symptoms of a pregnancy, odds are your brain will be alert for any and all symptoms that might confirm it. Therefore making you think you are pregnant.	 See what can happen, all for the sake of a condom and safe sex. Just remember if things are OK, safe sex, condoms, the BC pill, IUD, the cap, the ring. all there just for you both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi No they show you are on a high fibre diet, you always get floater by doing that. Good Luck  Hi Having a vas, if you think about it, its relieving you of a big worry, so cant see just were the tramatic stress would come in. For me it was just a very simple 10 minute op, I don't know how it was for you, for me all done very easy. Good Luck  One of the hardest parts about controlling anxiety is that severe anxiety can actually cause physical symptoms that lead to more anxiety. Many of those with anxiety start to worry about their health, because the symptoms can be so disabling that it's hard to convince your mind that anxiety could be causing them. This is often the case with vertigo. Vertigo itself is not technically an anxiety symptom, but dizziness  which is often confused with the idea of vertigo  very much is, and it's actually a surprisingly common one. Since vertigo is almost exclusively caused by hyperventilation, the best way to stop the feeling of having vertigo is to make sure that you're not hyperventilating anymore. Often this is easier said than done. In the middle of an anxiety attack, it's very hard to re-gain control of your breathing. But there are tricks that make the process easier Now the trick here, is a nice brown paper bag, this you put over you head and re-breath your output, works all the time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS try getting your life together, that would help cut down your problems.  Hi Yes back again, I was doing some searching this afternoon and found this, its packed with info for ways out of stress, The link, http://www.ornishspectrum.com/proven-program/stress-management/ Good Luck  Hi If you have not been having rough sex or unprotected sex or both, then yes stress really can play havoc with the body, and women even does worst things like what you getting, if you know from where the stress is coming from, try and calm the situation, or keep away from it. Try this google natural ways out of stress, pick a rout and stay with it. See how it goes. Good Luck  Hi It would do your body the world of good, sodas and fry along with any other fast food's and junk foods, these are all high in salt and sugars, so by cutting them out you will be doing you body and baby the world of good. I take it that your pregnant then? yes, well eat as healthy as you can lots of fresh fruit daily and don't forget your vegetables as well, drink lots of milk and water, keep of coffee, sick to tea and if you can Green tea is best, try it with honey and lemon, very good for you. As for the rest just try relaxing, have an afternoon sleep, should help cut your stress. Hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi It would do your body the world of good, sodas and fry along with any other fast food's and junk foods, these are all high in salt and sugars, so by cutting them out you will be doing you body and baby the world of good. I take it that your pregnant then? yes, well eat as healthy as you can lots of fresh fruit daily and don't forget your vegetables as well, drink lots of milk and water, keep of coffee, sick to tea and if you can Green tea is best, try it with honey and lemon, very good for you. As for the rest just try relaxing, have an afternoon sleep, should help cut your stress. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Debbie, Have good read through this link, packed with info. http://www.clinicians.co.nz/the-importance-of-zinc/ Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Should help you. Good Luck  I would check with your doctor to see if it might be a bulging disc in her back, which can be extremely painful and would require surgery. If its usually brough on by stress though, it might just be tension that is building up. I would try to buy her a massage gift certificate at a spa, I used to have a lot of lower back pain brought on from stress and running, but now I try to get a massage about once a month to reduce tension in my back that builds up. Hope this helps, it's definitley discouraging if doctors don't believe your pain is real!  Yes, it can affect your immune system, however its less harmful than tocabbo products. There are chemicals in marijuana that initiate the production of immune system cells called myeloid-derived suppressor cells. Immune system cells are usually protective, but these cells will suppress the immune system.  A deep bruise on your tailbone won't show on the skin but it does hurt really badly and is uncomfortable to sit on for a while. When I bruised my tailbone falling down stairs I was in pain for about a week and a half and couldn't participate in normal activities for the first two days. I did see a doctor who confirmed it was just a bruise, though. It may have just been bruised badly but it could be safe to go to the walk in clinic for reassurance.  Over the counter pregnancy tests are generally very reliable, so it unlikely that you are pregnant. However, I would recommend that you see your doctor just to make sure since you are having symptoms of being pregnant. Your doctor may also do some additional blood work, including a thyroid test, to evaluate other reasons for the symptoms which you are experiencing.  Have you had a flu shot lately? Having heart problems too since getting a flu shot. Wonder if it's related to this year's virus strand.  I think they generally do, and unfortunately men handle it in a way that is counter productive. We have noticed that more men will begin to drink alcohol excessively and that is probably because they want to be seen as strong and if they go to a doctor for any kind of help with this, it will mean that they are not men, so better to drink and try to drink your troubles away than to try and get some help. Women on the other hand, will say look, if Im this stressed, Ive got to go get some help. We know that more women enter therapy than man. That has always been as long as I can remember and theyve been keeping statistics, that women are willing to talk to others and to try to come to terms with how do I cope with this, how can I change this, what am I missing, they will talk about their problems. Men will talk about the baseball scores. They wont talk about their problems. Thats why the statistics are skewed probably that they say that women have more anxiety and depression than men. No, its because more women show up at the office and get counted and men dont get counted. If we went into bars and started doing some kind of research, I would wonder, before they took their first drink, how would they register on stress measures, on anxiety, depression measures, and I think we would find a rather dramatic shift. You know, what is stopping them, what is so unmanly about getting help when you need it. If you have hypertension and you are a man, you go and get help. Is that unmanly? No. If you have anxiety and stress that is causing you serious problems and can end up in a heart attack, is that unmanly, or should you go and get some help, just the way you got with your hypertension. Remember, these kinds of illnesses are just as important and can have as catastrophic results as the medical illnesses that youve accepted all these years.  One of the greatest things that I recommend for anybody is relaxation breathing. Whoever thought a breathing exercise would be a terrific thing to do? Its very simple. You learn it in less than a minute, it might take you one minute to do, you can do it any time during the day, anywhere, it will make you feel good. How do I do relaxation breathing? what I want you to do during this exercise, as we are breathing in, were going to breathe in, hold a breath and breathe out through our mouths. When you do that, I want you to think about the position of your shoulders, the position of your ribs, where your legs and hands are. I want you to think about those things. So were going to begin. You breathe in through your nose, hold it for a count of five, out through your mouth. Remember, youre thinking about the position of your shoulders as they go up and down, your ribs go in and out. Youre going to do that at least three times. We dont want you hyperventilating, remember, its got to be comfortable for you. You gradually, so you do it again, alright nice and slow, very slow. Just think about the shoulders. Do it 3 to 5 times. You can do it anywhere, you can out to the water cooler. If anybody hears you, theyll think youre sighing. Thats okay. You can go out the elevator, go downstairs, in the elevator by yourself. You can do it. You can go to the ladies room, the mens room, wherever you want to do it. Its so easy. You can do it at your desk. You can do it 10 times a day if thats what you feel you need. You cant overdo it as long as you dont hyperventilate and thats fine.  If you dont sleep, your brain doesnt have the time it needs to really get rid of all of the garbage of the day and to really have that ability to rejuvenate. You have to give some things a little bit of a rest. Your heart, you cant stop it. It has to keep beating alright, but your brain needs that period of time, rest and recuperation. Your body needs it. If you cant sleep and you cant help yourself sleep by doing a little bit of guided imagery or some relaxation breathing or whatever, then you need to consider to go and maybe get some short term sleep medication. Im a firm believer in that. I dont think people should become addicted to sleep medications, and I think that there are a lot of fine ones on the market today that will help you sleep. So I would say, you have to sleep. Its your job. I tell some people, you know what, turn everything off, because right now, the most important job you have is to go to sleep and you can allow yourself to sleep. Whatever you need, and I dont recommend alcohol. I know some people do that, whatever you need that is going to help you sleep. They call it sleep hygiene. That means you do not do exercise two hours before you go to sleep. Its too energizing, okay. You sleep in a room that is dark enough, quiet enough, comfortable enough that you can go off to sleep. This is your time. Youre not cheating. When I hear people say, oh I operate on two or three hours of sleep, I say, no, no you are doing what the national commission on sleep has says, which is you are building up a sleep debt and it is going to come to get you, so dont do that to yourself.  You know, too many of us dont give ourselves credit for the things that we do right, okay. You say to yourself, look, youve done this before, youve been through these kinds of these things before, youve made it out alive, you can do it this time. Just take it easy, give yourself a chance, slow down physically a little bit. You know you have to remember one thing. Your body is like a machine waiting for a signal. If you start speeding up the machine, the signal is going to be hurry up, come on, weve got to go, lets go. If you slow your body down, walk a little slower, take it easy, stroll, dont get there in some kind of fast pace, alright, your body will get the signal, things are okay, were doing alright, and well fool it, okay. And always say, look youre a good person, theres nothing to feel ashamed about, theres nothing to feel you havent measured you, youre fine. If thoughts that come into your mind that are very upsetting, you say to yourself, you can say it out loud if you want to if nobodys around, Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. And what youve done is youve just mouthed a word, your brain has had to use many of the centers to even formulate that, so you are using much more of the power of your brain, and then youve heard it, so youve got a feedback look. You say it, you hear it, okay. After a while, you begin to get the message better.  Well, weve had experiments that have shown things like guided imagery certainly have a great effect on people. We have seen people who have cardiac conditions, people who have major physical illnesses to use these kinds of techniques and it has been very effective to really help them with the stress, bring down their blood pressure, bring down so many things, enable them to get restful sleep which is very important, and dont forget, stress is directly related to your immune system. If you allow the stress to build to a point where it is truly high, it is truly going to be damaging on your immune system. It is going to leave you vulnerable to illness. It actually affects the ability of the body to fight off, youve heard people say oh, youve got a cold, well remember last week what happened, you really, that was a terrible situation you were in. Thats not unusual.  Well I think when you start having symptoms, such as you cant go to sleep at night because every time you put your head down on the pillow, youre constantly thinking of what you have to do, or what you didnt do, or what you did wrong. Symptoms of anxiety: Sleep problems Irritability Lack of concentration Memory issues Problems at work Ill at ease, jumpy Eating changes its interfering with your ability to relate to others; its causing irritable kinds of things, youre irritable where you never really would be irritable, youre finding that your short tempered, you cant handle things, youre having problems concentrating, you really feel like you cant remember some things, and that is kind of scaring you. Youre having problems doing your job, meeting your deadlines. You never are at ease, you always feel as if there is something that has to be done, youre jumpy about things you may have eating changes, you may, you know, some, its very interesting, some people eat an awful lot when they are stressed and they gain weight, so we say to people, sometimes they dont know if theyve gained weight, so we say is your clothing a little tighter now, and other people they lose their appetite entirely, they lose weight. So we look for weight changes, sleep changes, mood changes. We also look for things like stomachache, chronic headache, okay, feeling maybe very, very sweaty hands, things like that, inability to sit still and just enjoy being quiet for a little bit. You find that you cant do that. Thats something that youre not allowed to give to yourself. Isnt that a terrible thing?  Well, make a list. Thats one of the first things I say. Make a list of the things that you are doing and then see carefully, give yourself a little time. See thats the problem. People dont want to give themselves the time. You cant do this in 10 minutes. It may take a couple of weeks, but you can be creative. You can find other ways or people who will assist you who will help you, who will give you a little respite, alright. People who will carry a little bit more of the load. Maybe your husband, maybe whoever, somebody in the house. So allow them. Maybe give the kids a little more independence. Or a bigger expectation. Dont keep thinking of them as children, as incapable. What youre doing is youre preparing them for life. If you dont help them learn about life, how can they possibly go out there and be well adjusted adults when youve done everything for them. Help them to see that life has things that you have to do for yourself, solutions that you have to come up with. Thats one of the biggest things that you can do, and one of the biggest ways that you can probably get that stress a little more in control.  If money is a problem with the counselor, I think you can discuss a fee adjustment until your job and your salary pick up. I don't think that's unreasonable.    Yes, it's true, some who are under stress or who have had a problem with choking on food in the past, sometimes experience problems with swallowing. It's very much like developing a phobia. First, something frightening or painful happens and this sets up a situation for fear in the future. Then, it becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy. You eat, you're afraid you'll choke and then you have problems swallowing. The more it happens, the stronger the fear is reinforced. For some people, it amounts to a situation where they can only swallow liquids. I suggest that you look for a licensed, certified biofeedback specialist who can work with you on this.  Absolutely, people do get sick to their stomach when they are stressed and have a panic attack. it's a pretty common occurrence, so don't feel you're alone or that you are in some way weak. What do you do to handle your stress on a daily or weekly basis? I would recommend that there are several self-help things that you can begin to do for yourself. The first of these in addition to exercise would be to ensure that you were eating a balanced diet, get sufficient sleep, get out with friends and socialize on some semi-regular basis, get involved in activities you enjoy that are not stressful, and used relaxation breathing on a daily basis. One thing you should also consider is having a medical checkup just to ensure there are no physical problems....  I too have a great deal of almost constant, seething anger. I used to do competitive sports but found that ultimately they made me even angrier. I discovered peace, wonder, a sense of personal power, the release of anger, and adventure, in hiking and walking. Suggestion: get an iPod or similar device if you can, with some of your favorite music on it. Find a nice park and look for good hiking trails. Wear rugged clothes and good shoes. Don't push too hard, just hard enough to release tensions, burn up the excess stress hormones such as adrenaline and cortisol, and bring forth your body's natural endorphins and serotonin, which will make you feel good and appreciate the beauty around you. After you hike, stretch to cool down to prevent muscle cramps, and be sure to rest well; allow more than enough time to sleep and clear your mind of worries as you rest. I live in a noisy place without as much privacy as I'd like, and I use my iPod when I rest too, with soft soothing music that helps me fall asleep. Some people use a fan or other "white noise". When you are actively angry, you cannot digest food, but once you've calmed down, eat food that will replenish the resources you've burned up, because anger uses up a lot of the body's natural fuel. Be sure to stay hydrated throughout. It may take some time, but gradually, this just might help... Good Luck.  Actually, "insomnia" is not the proper word. My trouble is mostly getting a good quality of sleep rather than falling asleep. I don't have too much trouble falling asleep, but I don't drift away too easily either.  Stress is now considered a real issue in pregnancy. There is data suggesting an increased risk of poor pregnancy outcome in patients who are under a large amount of stress. This can include a higher risk of preterm labor and birth, babies who are growth restricted. The exact mechanism is not fully known but there are some possibilites of an increase in prostaglandin and cytokines that are released. These are substances involved with a higher risk of perterm labor. If there is any way to decrease the stress it is recommended. Yoga can be good, prayer, pregnancy massage, and nice bath. ...  There is no cure all magic pill that can be found to erase traumatic memories however certain prescribed medications may help to control symptoms of depression / anxiety that coincide with these past problems. Please do not resort to illegal substance abuse as this is not a solution, generally speaking people who use are only suppressing issues and prolonging their pain, in most cases adding more problems. If you're having psychological issues then you should find the proper help such as psychologists or if you feel prescriptions are a better way then psychiatrists. If you are having homicidal or suicidal tendencies then you should ask a trusted friend or family member for support and report to a treatment facility near you.  Basically anytime that you have unprotected sex (the condom broke), you are capaple of getting pregnant, however, there are only a few days every month that you are ovulating. Two days before your period is not the time you would be expected to ovulate, so if you have a predictable, regular cycle, you are not likely going to get pregnant from this one isolated mistake. However, if there were other mistakes in the last month or so, then anything is possible. Wait another week or so and take another home pregnancy test, or see your medical provider for a more accurate pregnancy test and exam.  People have always attributed gray hair to stress (like teenagers), but gray hair just happens as some of age. It is most likely in our genetic code. Thre are many people who have incredible stress that do not have changes in hair color. I had gray hair in my 30 and 40s; and now it is completely white. Of course, I did have five teenagers at one time.  Every person on his planet is unique/different. There is absolutely no way for me, or any medical provider, to determine the reason for your ammenorrhea (lack of a menstrual cycle) blindly over the Internet. Nothing is known about your medical history or even the type of birth control you are using. There can be numerous reasons. It would be in your best interest to make an appointment with your women's health provider so that this problem can be solved.  You are asking a question that could not be answered over the Internet. We do not know anything about you, your medical history....but more importantly, we have no way of examining you and/or ordering any diagnostic tests. Before attributing any medical condition to stress or anxiety, a medical provider must first rule out all organic causes that could be attributed to your array of symptoms. I would strongly suggest that you see your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your medical history -- for a thorough, diagnostic evaluation.  Go to the pharmacy and buy a home pregnancy test AND a box of condoms (just in case). While it is unlikely that your described sexual play could result in an unintended pregnancy, you are playing a very risky game that tends to progress over time. Feeling some stress now on both of your parts may motivate you to be more careful in the future  The amount of radiation involved in a CT scan would not justify the use as a screening test for the general population. It would probably cause more cancer than it would find. There are very specific symptoms and signs that would indicate an intracranial problem, so it would be best to screen these patients first with a neurological exam, rather than just recommending that all people get a brain CT scan...just like a pap smear or mammogram.  It is really not up to me, or anyone, to tell you whether you should be concerned or not. Clearly, you are concerned so my suggestion for you is to call the OB now....not wait two weeks....and talk to him/her, or the advice RN if he has one. Many women have no idea they are pregnant until their pregnancy is quite far. They did not have any symptoms either.  Stress can make any illness or condition seem worse, but stress is NOT a direct cause of acne. Acne is basically caused by hormones that result in oily skin, clogged pores, and a proliferation of acne-causing bacteria.  You will need to insist on having a neuropsychological evaluation -- several hours of diagnostic testing by a trained psychologist. You may also need to see a cognitive neurologist -- a specialist in memory issues. Age-related memory problems and cognitive difficulties can definitely occur at your age.  No.  Yes....genital herpes will be recurrent for the rest of your life. They will eventually go away from this outbreak, but there are prescription medications that may make any future outbreaks less often (although three years since your last outbreak is good) and reduce some of the discomfort that you are experiencing now.  As much as I would like to help you, there is really no way for me to blindly determine if your headache is "something serious" or not, in order to relieve your anxiety. You have been to the ER, but apparently were not given anything (other than Tylenol) to relieve your pain. Migraines and other severe headaches typically require more than just Tylenol. See your primary care provider -- someone who knows you and your case -- or you will need to see a headache specialist (neurologist) to that you can have a higher level clinical evaluation.  Stress is not considered a cause of fever.  Not everyone who are exposed to lice with get it, otherwise elementary schools would close down. Lice and their nits live on humans and only a very, very short time on objects before they die. Routine check family scalps for these little critters, but I am guessing your cleaning efforts were sufficient. You do not have to sell the house.  No...I think the baby will be absolutely thrilled that you have stopped smoking.  Just wait...and sweat it out a few more days. While the chance of an unintended pregnancy is not very high, you do seem to be aware that the leakage of semen may contain viable, baby-causing sperm....something you are trying to prevent. The birth control pill is highly effective. Adding the condom makes it even more effective. I suspect your girlfriend will have a normal period and not be pregnant, but try and be very, very careful. Remember that the only 100% way of preventing pregnancy is abstinence -- not having sex at all.  A tapeworm or gallbladder disease in a five-year old is extremely rare, so instead of trying to diagnose her, it would be best for her to see a pediatric gastroenterologist for a diagnostic work-up. There is really no way to blindly narrow down the many possibilties over the Internet.  You are not going to be adequately diagnosed over the Internet (or by a self-diagnosis), let alone be properly treated, so I would strongly suggest that you start with your primary care medical provider for a good check-up first (to make sure there are no underlying organic problems/disease) than you will need a referral to see a mental health professional. If your primary care provider is experienced and comfortable in using medications for this purpose, that is good, but you may need to see a psychiatrist at first if this is suggested. Later on, a counselor is fine to help you deal with your stress and mood swings.  Unfortunately, it would not be possible for me, or any medical professional, to answer that question without the details of her case. Even then, trying to guess "someone's chances" is just that....a guess. There are many people who greatly exceed their doctor's prognosis. Just support your mother that best that you can to help her relieve some of that stress. See that she gets the best of care...and the rest is up to God, not someone with a medical degree.  It may not have ever been a spider bite....One consideration would be a herpetic whitlow -- a fever blister/cold sore of sorts that occur on the finger. It will come back over and over, itch at first, and will definitely get red or even have a tiny blister. Like most herpetic infections, the body keeps it "suppressed" most of the time, unless of course, you are going through an illness or stress! Look this up on the Internet and see if it fits. As you may know, I cannot make a blind diagnosis over the Internet, but your story seems to point in this direction.  Ramsay-Hunt and perhaps, most cases of Bells Palsy, are herpetic -- caused by the herpes virus, not stress. Stress may cause the immune system to be lowered, making a person who already has/had these disorders (or the dormant and suppressed herpes virus) more vulnerable to a relapsing infection.  See your medical provider. Yes, Xanax can help anxiety (your reaction to stress, assuming this is what is causing your symptoms), but it will not help the underlying causes of stress.  I am sorry, Bharat, but you need to see a medical professional first-hand so you can provide a thorough medical history, and your doctor can examine you, and order some diagnostic tests. A cause or solution to your symptoms cannot be achieved over the Internet.  Stress is not a direct cause for gallstones, but certainly a person with stress can also have gallstones.  The true nature of this mysterious, raised area cannot be determined without a careful examination, hopefully at a time when it is evident to the medical examiner. Your description is just not sufficient to make a blind guess, so you will need to wait for your upcoming gynecological appointment, or better yet, get a sooner appointment while this abnormality is present. This is really the only way to know.  A fluid diet for eczema? Never heard of it as part of any treatment. Eczema is genetically-dry skin, so if you are having an exacerbation or worsening of your symptoms, you may need a change in treatment. The mainstay of eczema management is moisturization , so find a good moisturizing cream that is free of perfumes. Topical steroid creams are very helpful, but the best ones require a prescription. Call your medical provider. Control itching with antihistamines, assuming you can take this type of medication. Please avoid scratching and digging at these areas. Open, eczematous skin can become secondarily infected , so if you think your eczema is infected, you will need to consult your medical provider for treatment; usually antibiotics Eczema is usually with you for life, so finding the right combination of medications and supportive treatments is important. I don't think a fluid diet for two weeks is going to help in any way.  Nearly all varicoceles are on the left side, and yes, they may seem to pull your testicles higher up on that side, but typically the weight of a varicocele is more likely to pull it downward . Right now, you have a self-diagnosis and may be correct, but it is a good idea to have a medical provider examine you. Intra-scrotal masses can be confusing if you are not experienced in sorting them out.  Definitely sounds like it could be an ulcer. I'd talk to your parents and get to the doctor.  You need to go to the doctor and be honest about the sex and the symptoms. Could be serious  Hi! I'm no expert but I also chose the shot for my birth control and so have other members of my family. It was the same for all of us, our period was normal at first then eventually it went away as we kept taking the shot every 3 months. I quit taking the shot after 9 months and my period has returned.  The answer is yes. Studies now confirm what we all knew to be true - prolonged stress does lead to premature and rapid aging of every cell in the body. Stress is the ultimate mind-body connection. When we perceive stress, our body responds rapidly with a multitude of changes. Changes intended to prepare us for the fight or flight response. Our heart rate goes up, our blood pressure increases, blood flow is increased to the brain, heart and muscles. Protective hormones, adrenaline and other chemicals begin surging through the bloodstream, nerves begin firing, all senses are brought to peak awareness. All this so we are in a state of extreme readiness to take on any threat. This was good hundreds and thousands years ago. What about today? Stress is inevitable. With so much stress from work and life that is not a threat to our survival, what does all this stress do to our bodies? Long term, intense stress is not good for the body and accelerates aging. This is especially true if you dont feel in control over the things that are causing stress. When the stresses do not resolve, your immune system is weakened. Stressed individuals become ill more frequently. Excessive stress actually shortens the life span of the cells throughout the body, so that every tissue and organ is ages rapidly. The body begins accumulating highly toxic levels of free radical particles that cause even more oxidative damage to cells and tissues. Damage that promotes aging. And because the stress response is so quick to come on and so slow to fade, it is likely that those in prolonged high stress occupations like [the United States] President begin to age rapidly - an aging process we can see over time in their face, graying of hair, and behavior. The answer? Do your best to avoid or reduce excessive and prolonged stress. If that is not possible, eat a healthy diet high in anti-oxidant rich foods, exercise regularly, sleep, and laugh. Most importantly, work to develop stress reduction behaviors and attitudes so that you can better deal with any stresses you experience.  Are you under unusual stress? As I child I did the sleep walking for awhile, and I was under a lot of stress. It didn't last into adulthood, but many adults do suffer with it. Medications can cause hallucinations, which I'm sure you know, and so can emotional problems. I went thru some terrible hallucinations at night in my teens and early 20's. I don't know your beliefs, and all I can do is share my personal experiences and answers, but I believe I had opened a doorway into the spiritual realm by playing around with some demonic things. When I became a Christian, they persisted until I learned to demand they leave me alone, in Jesus' Name. Only happened once after that, and I again used His authority, and haven't had hallucinations since. But it only works if you are one of His. That's been over 40 yrs. I'd suggest you also go in for sleep study testing. Hope something I've said helps.  I've read it does, as does dry air, or nose veins that are very close to the surface. I would get the physical side checked out first, by a dr.  There are chances that yes you can get pregnant, but one needs to know a lot to answer. many women do get early pregnancy but not as early as 19 days cycle. Also like to know is your period length normal or has shorten as many women confuse in their regular period and pregnancy spotting. I do like to advice you to go for a pregnancy test or see a gyno. Source:- pharmacysell  Unresolved itching is a truly frustrating symptom for all patients to deal with. Because this has been going on for some time, you might want to get a medical evaluation to make sure you don't have a disease process that is causing the itching. The fact that you have identified stress as a possible trigger tells me that while it may not be the source of your difficulty, it certainly could be making it worse. I would recommend that you look into stress reduction methods that are available in your area. Some schools and universities offer programs in stress reduction, meditation, yoga, etc. Stress is hard on your entire body and could be negatively impacting other health systems as well as making your itching worse. See what you can do about getting a diagnosis, and try to learn to manage your stress levels.  I think it may be that your emotions are clouding your ability to communicate in the way you would like, which is common and I can empathise with. The best thing to do is to change your moods for the better and I would recommend that yoga would be great for you to calm and relax you. You should also think about using some self-hypnosis (you can get them on Youtube) and try to meditate more. I think that would be super-great for you.  I HAD THIS HAPPEN TO ME, SHECK TO SEE IF YOU'RE EXPERIENCING A YEAST INFECTION.  Cool thanks, because im stressin hard about somethin.. But during sex i wasnt even thinking about it at all. I heard dehydration could cause "Acute flacidness".. But im looking for more than just word of mouth.  By the way i asked the question. Lol  Sounds like you could be pregnant. You should get blood drawn to test and know for sure. You can go to your local health department if you don't have insurance and they should be able to help you. There are also places like Save-A-Life that do free testing I believe, but I'm not sure if they do blood work. I think they can do an ultrasound though.  It's nothing! When you get overly stressed out, it can cause your cycle to get delayed. It happens to a lot of women. I'm sure within the next week or two it will return. If you exercise a lot too, that will cause a delay. I know when I was studying for midterms I would always have a late period.  The best answer here is to get to your doctor or the ER and get this checked out immediately. That way, you'll know for sure if there is anything to worry about, and if not your mind will be at ease. Here is some information on that may be helpful. We hope you find out soon. The WebMD Answers Staff  When you are exposed to long periods of stress, your body gives warning signs that something is wrong. These physical, cognitive, emotional, and behavioral signs of stress should not be ignored. They tell you that you need to slow down. If you continue to be stressed and you don't give your body a break, you are likely to develop health problems. You could also worsen an existing illness. Below are some common warning signs of stress. Physical signs: Dizziness, general aches and pains, grinding teeth, clenched jaws, headaches, indigestion, muscle tension, difficulty sleeping, racing heart, ringing in the ears, stooped posture, sweaty palms, tiredness, exhaustion, trembling, weight gain or loss, upset stomach Mental signs: Constant worry, difficulty making decisions, forgetfulness, inability to concentrate, lack of creativity, loss of sense of humor Emotional signs: Anger, anxiety, crying, depression, feeling powerless, frequent mood swings, irritability, loneliness, negative thinking, nervousness, sadness Behavioral signs: Bossiness, compulsive eating, critical attitude of others, explosive actions, frequent job changes, impulsive actions, increased use of alcohol or drugs, withdrawal from relationships or social situations   Believe what you will but if nothing else helps note that that is the root Chakra and the source of sexual energy.  The reason that you may feel stressed is most probably because you are no longer happy with yourself. Developing a healthy safe image is important in attaining the self-fulfillment that you need. You may visit Clear Clinic to pamper your skin and revive you spirit.  You may try to meditate first before you sleep. You have to get rid of all the things that brings you stress. Not having a good sleep can affect the beauty and smoothness of your skin. Start taking care of your skin now. Visit http://www.clearclinic.com/ for perfect ways to stay pretty.  1. Watch what you eat. 2.Keep in touch with your doctor because there is nothing over the shelf you can take to keep your HDL and vitamin D up. You can take a vitamin supplement; However, it will go straight to your bladder. See, your body makes its own vitamins D as well as other vitamins, and minerals by the food you eat. It is a process. In the meantime, check out these sites: http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/hdl-cholesterol/CL00030 http://www.vitaminddeficiencysymptomsguide.com/symptoms-of-low-vitamin-d-levels/  104 means the heart is not relaxing between pumps. Need a thallium treadmill test to check out heart blood flow. Cut back on red meat. See a doc.to do a electrocardiogram .  Try dmg sublingual. google DMG for use. good for many ailments. Sometimes referred to as B15 may be effective in some persons possible benefits for ADHD enhancement,, Autism. muscular use . No side effects ever seen. enhances metabolism and may other health related conditions.  could possibly be caused by extreme dryness. you may want to try a personal lubricant. But i would also suggest to see you gyno. there may be an infection. i have had the same trouble, but i am 43  First things first, relax and count to 10. It usually works for me. You also might want to check your blood sugars. I wake up the same way 9 times out of 10. I usually sit up, sip a glass of water. When that doesn't work, i do my breathing exercises. I do feel for you. I have been put on amitryptaline for my anxiety. Just a low dose but very helpful. Please seek some advice from you pcp and keep calm. think positive.  no  You really should go see your doctor. Do you have any abdominal pain? Maybe you have Endometriosis. Endometriosis can mess up your cycle, cause headaches and mess with your bowel movements. Since you already have two children, you would most likely know if you are pregnant. Were your other pregnancies like this? Best of luck.  It is possible for her to get pregnant that way, in fact it will take a little time for the semen to get to her uterus so she may have her period once or twice until she does become pregnant. The fact that she is still a virgin will cause her even more pain when the baby is born so to save her the pain i suggest you take her virginity. They can not preform an abortion if she is still a virgin. But i hope you two decide to keep it.  If you had unprotected sex, it would be good to still take a pregnancy test. Some women still have periods or bleeding after getting pregnant. If you are not pregnant, check with you doctor on what could be causing your spotting. Anything that's not normal for you should be checked out.  you may have trigeminal neuralgia (pain signals travelling down the facial nerves) this is a very common complaint for middle aged woman but can occur at any age. this involves sudden sharp intense pain from under the ear down the jaw up toward the cheekbone.http://www.patient.co.uk/health/Trigeminal-Neuralgia.htm please look at this page as it gives you more info than i can.  no period in 4 monthes  Simvistatin may be your problem. Pain and cramps are often caused by statins. I had the same problems. I was taking 80mg. Simvistatin once daily. I broke my pills in half lowering my dose to 40mg. a day. And the pain stopped. It wont hurt to try it. But don't stop the Statins. As they are good for your heart also.  Please, get in touch with your doctor. He might want to examine you before giving an answer. I hope all is fine.  If you are worried, you could always see your doctor for a urine or blood pregnancy test that would tell you for absolute certain.  Thanks god.  if you,ve had a recent illness or you are under or over weight pregnancy pre- menopause menopause change in your meds stress are all things that can cause your period to be late  sorry i misspelled (PERI-MENOPAUSE) not pre also if your not any of the things above in the other message and your period still wont happen (talk to your doctor about PROVERA a medication to bring on a tardy period  yes  Sounds like you are having a food allergy. Also sounds like the hot flashes from niacin. Are you taking any B vitamins?  Its not likely you have HIV but good for you for being responsible and taking the the first steps. Are you in the UK? Most of the main hospitals have a GUM clinic and they usually offer a counselling service before you get the test know your not alone, if your really scared I would do this just getting it out there will make you feel better. I had a needle stick accident working with street sex workers once whilst visiting them in a house that was not too clean I sobbed for 10 hours knowing that it had a higher than usual chance of having HIV on it but I went to see the therapist and felt so much better. I had something called ART therapy for six wks its a course of HIV meds to block out the virus that you can have if you have been put in a high risk category of contracting the virus that is a very strong HIV medication in a high dose that had toxic side effects, only to be used if you believe your at risk.  I agree with NoHard. Get over this period of stress, relax and things will get back to normal. I've been married many, many years and I can recall periods when I have been worried about performance. It has always been related to stress: workplace or family. Remember that in most cases, sexual difficulties arise in the top of the skull NOT between your legs.  I also suffer from depression, stemming from Multiple Sclerosis. Initially I didn't feel I was stressed either. Mr doctor told me that dealing with the pain from the MS was causing the depression.  genseng herb is supposed to help.  Bipolar is not connected to blood vessels aneurysm,IT is nervous system disorder.Consult a neurologist.Headache is just symptom,There are so many diseases causing headache.You must go to cause of headache.So consult family doctor to check up blood pressure,vision etc.  Yes,call your doctor and have them do a blood test.  Hi there. I have PTSD too. I started making jewelry, handmade, everything from scratch, that started out with finding my primary material at the beach. Walking on the beach, then coming home to do something that I enjoy doing has a wonderful calming effect. It keeps me from thinking about the very thing that caused the PTSD, and I'm creating things at the same time. Would gardening help your PTSD? I think so. If it is something you love doing and it relaxes you? Then I would give it a try. If that doesn't work, at least use the concept on something else. You'll be surprised at the results. It's helped me a lot. God bless.  Oh...one more thing...the best people to ask, are those who HAVE PTSD. It's one thing to be book smart, but if you've never experienced it, you really don't know. :) No offense.  this is very common with this kind of Diabetes.  some home pregnancy test can be inaccurate. Also it can be late for the test to be positive. (take the test too late can cause the test to be negative because of the hormones) that how most home test or all home pregnancy test works by the pregnancy hormones.  You can get pregnant at any time. Take a test.  It is possible to get pregnant after a tubal ligation. Especially if you had the TL during a c-section. The fail rate for a tubal ligation is around 1 percent but goes up after ten years or if you had the TL during a c-section. Sometimes the tubes reattach themselves or a fistula forms. Although tubal pregnancy rates are higher if you had a TL than if you didn't have the ligation,it is not "more likely" that you will have a tubal pregnancy than a successful one.  I have also been wondering if it might have something to do with the detox diet pills I have been taking for the past 2 months. They dehydrate the crap out of me if I don't drink at least 8-14 big glasses of water a day, which in turn causes painful headaches. Thought maybe this could be a symptom of the dehydration as well. I can consult with one of the physicians that I work with, I just don't want to waste their time if this is just a symptom of being stressed. anyone have any ideas? thoughts, opinions??  maybe that is your body's way of letting you know that you are getting ready to start going through the change of life.  something ive learned about having panic attacks is, they cant and will not kill or hurt you. But that aside, what I do to stop my panic attacks is this, and doing this can stop them just as quick as it comes. When you feel your panic attack coming, tell your self out loud or scream it in your mind that I am fine, I am ok, stop, stop, stop ,stop, go away. And repeat it over and over till it goes away. By telling your brain to stop, it breaks the panic signal and replaces it with the stop signal. Try it, it works for me, please try it, and next time it happens, just stay calm, try to breath normal, and tell your mind what I said. Hope it works for you. also you can do this, www.anxietypanicsupport.com Its a free chat room, I promise, my screen name is joker, and there is a lot of ppl on there that can help you with anxiety. You can come in as a guest or make a name.  Drugs mess up your body, so it's very possible that has something to do with it. Your discharge doesn't sound incredibly unusual, I often have similar stuff after my period. As for the stress, that also messes with a person's body, so that could also play into it. I hope you feel better. Try not to worry, but stay away from meth.  I had the same problem and had nerve conduction study done and had a full study by my cardiologist. Findings were negative. I'm wondering if it might be caused by my teeth.  Yes, I feel that Gardening would help w/PTSD because it is relaxing. It could also help w/creativity. I recommend it.  I had the same expierence when I was married. There wasn't any morning after medicine @ that time. But what I gather from your question that it fell off on the couch. Learn a lesson that you should be more careful the next time.    You might want to talk with your doctor about asthma.  i think it's acid build up that gives the cramp. usually, athlete having cramp means they're not physically/conditionally fit to get muscle cramp.  Yes, it can be. With my experience on birth control (9 years), I have been late a few times due to stress. Diet can definitely effect that as well. However, if you are having unprotected sex, taking a pregnancy test is always best for peace of mind!  Keep yourself busy during the day, have a relaxing bath after a healthy dinner and avoid too much thinking. This way, you will surely have a better sleep at night. It also helps a lot to meditate. Leave all the stress behind and take a good rest. Maybe it's the stress that brings all those skin and health problems all this time.  You should just go buy her a pregnancy test from the dollar store. All she has to do is pee on it, and you will know.  if shes had a missed period that isnt coming and her test said positive shes probably pregnant, and can make an ulrasound appointment to confirm. If shes missed her period and the test says negative and shes taken multiple at home tests saying negative shes most likely NOT pregnant and pobably IS stressed out and will have a period next month, if not she might want to tell her doc to make sure nothings wrong, hope this helps. Sorry for my first short answer.  I have also experienced this. I don't drink much water. Do you? if not i suggest when you feel that way drink a few glasses of water and see how you feel a few hours later. It helps me. When dehydrated you will feel.......Hot flashes, headaches, feels like you might pass out but don't, almost like your brain clicks off for a second (its a weird feeling kinda hard to explain), you will sweat at night too. Drink more water plan and simple.  Stress and depression can very well be causing this. I would see a doctor they maybe able to help you regulate you menstrual cycle.  I have personally had anxiety attacks before... They definitely feel physical the way you described. And when I had one, I was so scared and nervous that it caused my heartbeat to go racing like that. The feeling of being trapped is exactly what an anxiety attack feels like. When I got mine, I always felt I had to leave whatever building I was in, to get fresh air. My therapist recommended that I not try to give in to my feelings of needing escape because that would only feed my anxiety and cause it to build. He recommended exercise to help ease the stress and tension in my life. A good outlet for anxiety.  I use to be on the depot it works right away. Be warned some women bleed for the first 6 months strait.   I had my period November 10th but I didn't get it in December at all. and the Pregnancy test came back negative. Should I go and see my doctor or just wait to see if I get my period this month? please let me know. I am writing this for a friend of mine. thanks for the help.  I always take mine as needed. It is very addictive.  If you were not feeling panicked or overwhelmed at the time of the episode it may not be a panic attack and you may want to talk with your doctor. a panic attack doesn't always have to be paralyzing there are different levels of panic attacks. whatever is causing your spells I hope that you get better  i would ask your Doc.  well i have had the night sweats due to my esophagitis, gastritis, hiatal hernia and fundic intosusception , which are all stomach problems along with that i was having pains in my stomach , not able to eat , stress was a big factor in my life when i found out i noticed when i was able to get my stress levels down the problems were better under control, i also had tried a few meds , question are you eatting enough and remember that lightheadness can constipation all can be cause by lack of water , and try to eat softer foods, try to up take you intake of water , and i think it very important to somehow find a way to reduce your stress level , im normally 110 lbs with stress and all these problems i went down to 89lbs , also if nothing seems to help i would ask my doctor for an egd , on your upper and lower gi tracks to see just what going on , so call your doctor and get down to the bottem of it :) i hope you feel better i know just how horrible it can be  thats very true i had my period for 4 months with my son and if it wasent for someone asking me if i was prego , which was kinda weird for me since i was 95 lbs , something made me take the test and i was already 8 weeks didnt have a clue !  What was the outcome if you dont mind me asking  Let's have a closer look at the best male enhancement options available to you today: Surgery remains one of the best male enhancement remedies available, with average improvements of approximately one inch achieved by most men. Since Androx the results are practically guaranteed, some men find this a viable option. However, male enhancement surgery may not be the best option for you if you are concerned about expense, recovery time, or potential injury. Numbness and loss of sensation can result from even the best male enhancement surgery. A large percentage of men who receive the surgery are unhappy with the results following their recovery. Note that exercise programs are recommended following surgery to complete and enhance the transformation. Exercises and enhancement devices may be the best male enhancement option out there - for men who are willing to commit to the program. While this technique is a reliable, tested and proven method to achieve noticeable, visible male enhancement, it takes considerable time and effort to achieve results. If you can stick to a daily exercise regimen for months on end, then an exercise program (or stretcher device) may be the best male enhancement technique for you.  how long have you been off?? i was on birth control for 4 years and got of and got pregnant a week later.. just depends on how fast your body can get the medicine out of your system because you have been on it so long! hope this helps!!  Of course you can get a second opinion. If you feel that your questions aren't being answered or that the treatment you are recieving isn't adaquete by all means, find a different doctor. Be sure that you check with your insurance plan though...you don't want to have a bunch of unexpected bills. Good Luck!  If you have not seen your doctor yet, particularly one that is trained in concussions, as most primary care physicians are not, you need to right away! A concussion is swelling of the brain. Getting a 2nd concussion when still symptomatic from the first concussion is incredibly dangerous and can lead to very severe consequences such as permanent brain damage. I cannot stress enough the importance of going to your doctor RIGHT AWAY!  I had the one hour and failed... but passed the three hour test. Try not to worry. The important thing to remember is that if you have gestational diabetesnit does not mean that you will always have diabetes.  Thanks for your answer Doctor. I have stopped the fiber. It was metamucil. So it was psyillium. And now I am back to normal. I was also drinking double up on the water and my stomach doubled in size with the bloating. I may try to do just one of the wafers a day instead of the 4 I worked my way up to, but then again, since my pain stopped, and my stools resumed to normal, I do not understand the need. I also do eat fruit and vegetables already as well. I think I will listen to my body rather than the "You need to do this" type of advise we are getting over all. I can say in my case fiber is not the answer to life lol  your period might be irregular  I was asking IF I did have an addiction. After I actually tried to stop it completely I succeeded immediately, no difficulty, no craving, no relapse,there is no temptation. Did I actually have an addiction or just a habit?  You could be pregnant in the tubes, never know until you have an examination by your ob/gyn. It could also be some kind of cyst or ulceration. ..so for example after having see it reopens the cuts causing immediate bleeding. Bright blood is fresh new blood so something like that makes sense. Obviously, you need to see a doctor to confirm what's going on .  do you clench your jaw when you are stresed or while you sleep?  He is having an anxiety disorder and his symptoms are quiet severe so he definitely needs medication at least for 6months. So consult a psychiatrist and take regular medications so that he could be free from his symptoms. And also he can do relaxation therapy daily along with medications so that he can manage and see a difference in him. Or he could even go for yoga for 1 or 2 months. Gud luck  Due to heavy work many of them are not going to their bed at the right time but are waking at earlier hours. This effects very badly on our health conditions and may be lead to many health problems. So it is better to sleep somewhat earlier and do practice some exercise as your body can feel tired and you may get good sleep. This can rid of the problem from dark circles and you also had an option of some natural products usage for the problem you are suffering. Because of natural products you can get relief and gain more confidence.   I have had this happen before and was told that it was because I had an ovarian cyct. My doctor told me not to worry about it to much if the bleeding was heavy and going through a pad in less than an hour then worry and go to ER to make sure youre not lossing to much blood. I started birth control the shot to stop the bleeding, and it really helped me alot I went from having a never ending period to no periods at all. She also said to take advil she had be taking 800mgs when it was heavy to help lighten it. I am not a dr and you might want to to talk to yours but this why I had that problem and what my dr had me do.  Thanks! Actually, I had some bloodwork done and my Vitamin D level was very low (7). I was put on 50,000 iu of a prescription vitamin d for 8 wks (1 a wk). It's been 9 weeks tomorrow and now I'm taking over the counter vitamin d, am going back to dr next week to have blood checked again. I felt better after the first 2 wks, not dizzy, not tired, no more headaches. Then again, I began feeling dizzy, lightheaded alot, and tired, no energy.I don't know what's going on; but I'll hopefully find out. :)  Severe depression, anxiety, possibly a mood disorder. I would see a psychiatrist ASAP.  I am not sure! I also have been having severe night sweats, body feeling hot then chilled, flushing in the facial area and neck. I spoke w/ my doctors they cannot seem to figure it out. Could be possibly meds you are taking ,anxiety and stress, infection of some kind. That is what was told to me. I was given a blood test to check my thyroid, everything OK. You might want to get your thyroid checked through a blood test. I hope that this helps in anyway. I know what you are going through!  WHAT IS THE SAFE THING TO TAKE FOR a dry cough when taking blood thinners  any anti-biotic used long term can cause liver damage.  You can't cure stress or anxiety. There will always be things in our lives that we have no control over. Finding ways to cope with it is the struggle.  my son has ha several concussion at least 5 From car wreck dr says they were mild but now he seems conused at lot like his memory comes and goes and he sometimes loose track of year and time  Thank you for the answer. We went and saw a psychiatrist already. He is in depression and starting to take medication now. Just hope he will become well. I know it takes time to come out of depression and we will see through it. Thanks again NOHARD.:)  you need to get to bed earlier . try working out in the am and then maybe your body will be tired at night  