When I was 20 I had surgery to remove a 'mass' in my uterus. I already had a daughter so this was 'after' her birth. About 3 years later I had another 'mass' that was removed. I was able to conceive and have a son. When he was 2 years old I was diagnosed with endometriosis which is where the blood normally excreted monthly actually passes through the uterus and into the abdomen. It can cause much pain and my uterus was weakened from the 'growths' and surgeries that I could no longer carry a fetus to full term. I had 3 miscarriages. Finally a doctor told me I would be better if I had a hysterectomy and ovaries also removed. I did and the constant pan stopped. BTW, my 'periods' were never 'normal'. Hope this helps you. Do inquire to see if you might also have endometriosis. Best Wishes to you.  No they are not.  I would practice breathing techniques to help me relax on a daily bases .  If you have had surgery near your penis I would say yes.  Sciatic nerve, which comes from your lower back.  17  It depends what kind of bowel surgery you had.Usually it takes 3-4 days for the bowel movement which may be loose at first. Once your diet is increased, you should have bowel movements, unless there are complications from the surgery. RN experience  listen, having surgery then taking your pain medication when needed is alright. i advise you to stop the suboxone. another option is to take the suboxone instead of anything else, it will help with the pain. as well, if your taking for another reason to, it will continue to do its job.  after i had my gallbladder surgery, i went through the same thing. let me ask you this are you eating anything spicy. or drinking thinks with a lot of caffeine or carbonation. i was and that was my problem. i still have GERD. i have to take medication. and i can not eat anything spicy anymore. hope this helps you.  A wide range of extra intestinal complications may compose a portion of the clinical picture. Neurological dysfunction is an infrequent but potentially devastating extra intestinal manifestation of Crohn disease. Virtually all components of the nervous system, both central and peripheral, may become involved.  There are a few things you can do to help determine if/when you ovulate. You can check your temps, buy an ovulation prediction kit, and watch the changes in your cervical mucus. I recommend visiting these websites: Fertilityfriend.com will help you create your chart to to help you find out about your ovulation and Cafemom.com has a group called TTC (trying to conceive) those ladies know all about the charting :) Best wishes to you.  Try visiting Fertilityfriend.com This website can teach you how to better predict if/when you ovulate. Also, cafemom.com is a great support site of women just like you. Check out their group called TTC (trying to conceive). Best wishes!  Out of curiosity, from what parts of her body did they try to draw blood besides the mid-arm? For example, did they attempt to draw blood from veins in her hands? What about her feet? If these other areas were not tried, they may be more fruitful. EMLA is definitely a great option since it provides total anesthesia (no pain) if applied more than an hour in advance. It can be applied in multiple locations well in advance of the next attempted blood draw. Hopefully your daughter is not too traumatized by the failed attempts at blood drawing. Speak with your child's doctor about using EMLA in the future.   There is no need to automatically delay your surgery. Your penicillin was prescribed as a preventative safeguard and in itself should have no impact on your upcoming hip surgery. As a matter of fact, some surgeons begin a preventative infection regimen of antibiotics prior to joint replacement surgery. With that said, it is critical that you report all medications taken prior to and up to the time of surgery to the anesthesiologist and the surgeon. Based upon your particular medical profile, they'll be able to make the best decisions concerning the penicillin treatment and its influence on surgery. Best wishes for a great surgery outcome and recovery.  It is with sincere sorrow that I find myself answering your question. My answer is honest and heartfelt. This is just a suggestion, but perhaps you would be better served by talking with your sister's oncologist. The WebMd community is very knowledgeable and caring. With that said, I can only offer you my opinion because I care. I am not a doctor, and am not familiar with your sisters case, and it really is just an opinion. But if you wish to read on, I will honestly try to provide you with some details as they relate to Pancreatic Cancer survival rates. This stage of pancreatic cancer is classified as Stage 1V( B) because it has spread to the liver and other organs. It presents with the grimmest prognosis. Life expectancy is individualized based upon the degree of metastasis and the patients overall health. According to some medical studies, your sister may have only days, weeks, or several months for survival. Some cases of lasting at least a year have been known to happen, but are considered to be rare. The 5 year survival rate is listed as less than 1%. Hospice care sounds like a solid plan that will ensure that your sister's needs are well satisfied. Since treating the cancer is no longer a viable option, palliative care will be started to ensure that your sister always remains comfortable and as pain-free as humanly possible. Now is the time for you and your family to galvanize around each other and to celebrate your sisters life. It is a time to reflect on your wonderful life together.The sibling relationship is very strong as it usually represents the longest time that we are bound on earth to any one particular relative. I suggest the following actions for you to consider: Visit your sister frequently; listen to her wishes and her concerns, talk about the good times, and embrace each other tightly. Then each evening go home, talk with friends and family as you feel up to it, eat all of your meals, say a nightly prayer, and rest well. Above all your sister surely wants you to stay well. May peace surround you during this challenging period of uncertainty .  Hypothyroidism will not affect your eligibility for weight loss surgery. I am very aware of the common conditions that an individual must satisfy before being accepted as a candidate for weight loss surgery. These conditions include: Having a body mass index (BMI) of 40 or greater. BMI's of 35- 39 may also be eligible if they have at least one (1) other comorbid medical problem like sleep apnea or diabetes. Be between the ages of 18 - 65 years of age (some doctors may even require the patient to be no more than 55 or 60 years of age. The surgical candidate needs to be physically ready to endure this serious procedure. X-rays, lung functioning, cardiac stress testing, serum blood studies, and possible other medical clearances may be required. Sometimes before being approved for surgery, the doctor may request that you lose some weight. The thinking here is to eliminate some of excess fat sitting about the liver area. The objective is to have you in the best possible physical condition in order to ensure that you are a safe risk for surgery. The patient may also be required to have a psychological interview to ensure that they are mentally prepared for surgery. There should only be one more eligibility requirement... An insurance carrier willing to pay for the procedure. I wish you well on your journey to losing between 60% - 80% of your excess weight through surgical intervention. .  Yes, if you've tried everything else to lose weight without success, you should consider gastric bypass surgery. Be prepared for a long ride and at becoming fully committed to the procedure. The successful candidates for this surgery must meet physical, psychological, and motivational objectives during an intense selection process. I recommend that you talk with your family and gauge their support of your surgical intentions. Then contact your insurance carrier to determine their criteria that must be met in order to obtain the necessary financial approval. For example, you may have to seek treatment with a particular surgeon or hospital that is an approved provider for your insurance company. Finally, contact the hospital and surgeon for an appointment to be evaluated as a prospective surgical candidate. Many doctors and hospitals in the field of bariatric surgery hold informational seminars on a regular basis. This is big time surgery so that you'll need medical clearances for some body systems in order to ensure that you'll survive the surgery. Heart and lung functioning will almost be automatic as required system approvals. You'll need extensive blood studies and probably be interviewed by a psychologist to establish the emotional level of your commitment to follow-up after surgery with major life-style changes. From the time that you first inquire with your insurance company until surgery occurs could easily exceed 6 months.  It depends on the purpose of the rating. Are you completing a rating on an internet site that compiles opinions about doctors in order to assist other consumers in their choice of a medical provider? Is the evaluation in response to your insurance carrier? Was the rating request generated by the surgeon's office? Or was the surgical site (perhaps a hospital) soliciting your degree of satisfaction with the surgery and their institution? It also depends on the reason(s) for you characterizing the surgery as "Horrible". Was it a botched surgery? Were you not provided with sufficient pain medication? Was the nursing or clerical staff rude to you or relatives? Here are my rating guidelines: Note: It is important to remember that a doctor's reputation may be influenced in part by the public based upon your rating. As a physician, their medical practice is also their business entity and method for them of earning a living. Anything written that cannot be proven may be construed as slanderous, detrimental to the physician's business, and met with legal objections. You have every right to be treated fairly by the doctor and to honestly alert others to real issues causing your dissatisfaction. The bottom line is to exercise good judgment in writing a review of the doctor. There is a fine line between writing a review based upon legitimate facts and one written with unsupported and baseless opinions.  The confusion is understandable and is best resolved by following your doctor's instructions. In the U.S.A., we've never become quite comfortable with the metric system. The liquid form of B12 should note how many mgs./ = ml. on the label. 1cc ='s 1 ml. ='s 1,000 mg. The gram is the metric unit used in weight while the liter is used for liquid measure. One (1.0 mg. ='s 1,000 mcg.). The typical recommended daily allowance of a B12 tablet for a healthy adult is about 2-3 mcg. daily. The normal dosage of a sublingual B12 tablet for a post surgical gastric bypass patient is 0.5 mg. A dose of 5mg. as shown in your question would seem more than adequate. To complicate things even more, B12 is available in tablets, capsules, nasally, injectable, sublingual tablets, drops, and even in patch administration. There is also a B12 complex variety. The liquid form can be found in various flavors.  The short answer is yes. The federal government realizes that gastric bypass surgery actually saves Medicare money in the long run. How is that possible? Here's the answer: Conditions such as diabetes, severe arthritis, high blood pressure, and sleep apnea are may improve after surgery, or even be totally eliminated.  Yes, your primary care doctor can refuse to give you a referral to see a pain management doctor. A physician may determine the appropriate treatment plan for their patient. You have the right to call your insurance company and request a different doctor to service your needs.  It is unlikely that your knee surgery has any relationship with your stiff neck. Stiff necks are most frequently a result of trauma in the form of moving suddenly in a jerky fashion. The stiff neck may also be caused by haphazard sleeping positions or maintaining a general poor posture. Treatment of a stiff neck may start with warm compresses, massage of the affected area with over the counter muscle creams and liquids, and the taking of analgesic medications. If your neck remains stiff and painful after 72 hours following the recommended treatment, a visit to your family doctor or the chiropractor is justified.  You and your sister went through much in order to have gastric bypass surgery. Yes, some controversy does exist as to whether or not a medical ID bracelet is absolutely necessary for a gastric bypass surgery patient. Personally, I support wearing the bracelet. Here's why: You both deserve credit for adding years of productive living to your lives by undergoing a serious medical procedure. Even years after the surgery, complications can still occur. Wearing a medical ID bracelet is just an insurance policy to protect you from experiencing possible undue post surgical physical harm. Wearing the bracelet is the easy part of the rehabilitative process.  You and your sister went through much in order to have gastric bypass surgery. Yes, some controversy does exist as to whether or not a medical ID bracelet is absolutely necessary for a gastric bypass surgery patient. Personally, I support wearing the bracelet. Here's why: You both deserve credit for adding years of productive living to your lives by undergoing a serious medical procedure. Even years after the surgery, complications can still occur. Wearing a medical ID bracelet is just an insurance policy to protect you from experiencing possible undue post surgical physical harm. Wearing the bracelet is the easy part of the rehabilitative process.   Needing a referral for a pain management doctor is dependent upon the pain management doctor and any medical insurance provider that you may have. Ive been through a past period of carpal tunnel syndrome pain. Resolution can take a long time.Thats because (in my opinion) CTS discomfort isnt always looked upon as a lights & siren condition. There are many conservative rungs (before more aggressive options are employed) on the CTS treatment ladder that must be climbed in a precise order. Treatment may be delayed until a definitive diagnosis through imaging (x-rays/CAT Scans) confirms the disorder. Some doctors, including primary care physicians, may start the ball rolling with an exam of the affected area, steroidal injections, order image testing, and refer the patient to other medical specialists such as an orthopedist or rheumatologist. Other treatment options that may be employed at the lower levels include icing of the area, life style changes such as cutting back on computer keyboard usage,physical therapy,rest of the affected area,braces & splints to immobilize the painful area, and over- the- counter analgesic medications such as Tylenol, Advil, Motrin, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. There is a general reluctance to order narcotic medication today in general, and most likely not for CTS specifically.This reluctance extends to pain management clinics and doctors. After you have had little or no pain relief for months following the step ladder rungs to the top may you be referred for surgical consideration. If the pain is determined to be due to chronic pressure on the median nerve not responsive to more conservative measures, surgical repair may be needed. Some patients do improve with conservative measures while others may wait a year or longer before necessary surgery is completed. After any surgery for CTS repair, more physical therapy will be ordered. In conclusion : These are my opinions based upon my own personal experiences; I am not a physician. It is important to work your way up the treatment ladder until your condition improves. Do not give up on finding a solution to this annoying condition as permanent muscle and nerve damage may result. I wish that the process were easier, hope that you have medical/ prescription insurance coverage, and that your pain will soon be a distant memory.  I am sorry for your conditions not being resolved through non-invasive treatments. Shoulder pain, locking, and weakness sounds like a miserable way to live through your daily life. I had a severely torn rotator cuff that eventually required surgical repair. The pain was almost unbearable at times and was coupled with arm numbness and tingling that did not respond to non-surgical treatment efforts. Having my shoulder repaired was a good decision for me. The MRI results, coupled with non-resolution of your symptomology through conservation approaches, clearly shows that you require surgical intervention. Why live with your intolerable symptoms? I realize that having surgery under general anesthesia is a big deal. Therefore, I suggest that you interview an orthopedic surgeon and then seek a second opinion. From those two surgeons ask questions that you may have and also determine how many of these surgical repairs that they do in a year. Complete a soft background check on both surgeons including an interview review of patient comments and satisfaction rates. Chose the surgeon that has a solid clinical record and made you feel most comfortable. Ask friends, family, and neighbors for referrals to shoulder surgeons. Check the internet for sites that may actually show you a video surgery being completed that is similar to one that you will undergo. You may or may not be hospitalized after surgery, but should be given pain medication, have multiple follow-up visits with your surgeon, and referred for physical therapy. Through self-education on your condition and choosing the best surgeon, your complete recovery looks promising. I trust that my answer has been helpful.  Patients face serious digestive and health complications if they don't strictly follow the post gastric by-pass diet.It is best to obtain medical clearance before starting any aspirin regime. After gastric bypass, people should avoid certain foods and pills that can irritate the stomach. If your surgeon and/or family doctor do not object, it may be best to take the such as liquid Tylenol for pain or fever.  Sometimes as human beings, we are subjected to one stressing life event after another. No matter the nature of these negative events of life and their cumulative bodily assault, there is a tendency on our part to outwardly appear "strong" and remain "Poker faced". Recently, you've been subjected to more than your fair share of life's down moments. Let me tell you about a 1960's study completed by 2 men, Holmes & Rale. No matter what you may think about the study, there is certainly some degree of validity attached to the findings.They questioned 5,000 individuals about life events and developed a scale to assess the probably of experiencing a stress related illness. At the bottom of the scale were individuals who scored < 150 points with having only a slight risk for illness.150-299 points revealed a moderate risk, and 300 + points suggested Being At Risk of Illness . The scale applied a numeric value to 43 different life events. Death of a spouse was the number 1 stressor and assigned 100 points. Here are a few of those life changing elements & corresponding values that may apply in your situation: 8th place- 47 points - Dismissal from work, 6th place - 53 points - Personal injury or illness, 2nd place- 73 points- Divorce 3rd place- 65 points- Marital separation As you can see, I've only noted 4 elements out of the possible 43, and already show you in the moderate range for being at risk for illness. Just imagine what your total points may be after considering the remaining stressing elements. You have every right to feel, as you described, "A Bit Depressed". Other responsible studies have shown a strong relationship between pre-surgical depression and experiencing less than ideal surgical outcomes. These studies are also coupled with citations claiming that a more lengthy recovery period may be necessary. Finally, most doctors would tell you that the majority of their office visit patients have some co-existing stress and depression symptoms. With that said, here are a few recommendations respectively submitted for your consideration: - Tell your doctor about your depressed mood, - Start treatment in the form of talk therapy and/or medication prior to your surgery, - Discuss your depressed mood with family members and close friends. Just unburdening your true feelings to another human being is therapeutic, - Join a support group that meets your emotional needs. It is helpful to hear other people tell us how they dealt with the same problem that we are experiencing, You stated in your question, " I want to get the operation out the way, and my situation gives me some time to do the op right now, and get on with my life." So do not delay in having the surgery. Instead, focus on living a joyful life and receiving depression treatment. Visualize positive expectations; it's a powerful tool that really works.  I do not believe that your 1998 gastric bypass surgery is responsible for your listed symptoms. Since your doctors don't have any answers, it is time to open the door to emotional causes as the reasons for your feeling poorly. Save Restless Leg Syndrome, the dizziness, headaches, vomiting, reflux, and body aches all fit in with depression as your culprit. Perhaps having an interview with a mental health professional to assess your depression would be beneficial. Talk therapy along with medication may improve your psychological outlook on life and reduce/eliminate your depression. If you are not currently taking an anti-depressant medication, one may be needed to restore some joy in your life. If you are currently being treated with an anti-depressant medication, a change in the medication or its strength may be justified. Sometimes anti depression medications just stop working, or even cause more depression, following long-term usage. As a side benefit to the depression lifting, physical disorders often improve. It is an agreed upon fact that our emotional state of mind directly influences our physical health. Some family doctors report that up to 2/3 of their patient's complaints can be traced back to emotional difficulties such as chronic stress and depression. Lastly, as a graduate of gastric bypass surgery, joining a support group could be a key ingredient to your feeling better. You'll be able to listen and share with others in a non-judgmental fashion,, ask questions, and make lasting friendships. My answer is intended to be respectful and helpful. You deserve resolution of your symptoms..  As a follow-up to my original answer, the link below will open a WebMD article on the relationship between depression and physical symptoms. http://www.webmd.com/depression/physical-symptoms   The term, Gastric Bypass Reversal is somewhat misleading. Although restorative anatomical and physiological changes can be made, a true reversal of the surgery may not be possible . Yes, most Bariatric Surgeons do have the ability to repair or modify the original gastric bypass surgical procedure. But much of the changes that were made during your original gastric bypass surgery are life-long. I agree with your doctor in recommending that you see the original surgeon who performed your surgery. If that is not possible, you may also consult with other surgeons in your area by contacting local hospitals. If you are just looking for articles that can be researched and will discuss the surgical details including surgical pros and cons, risks, benefits, and side effects, the internet is chock full of information using the search words, " Gastric Bypass Reversal " in your browser.   The Whipple procedure , named for a 1920s physician, surgically treats pancreatic cancer by eliminating the head and sometimes the body of the pancreas. Also removed is usually part of the stomach, the small intestine, and lymph nodes in the vicinity of the pancreas. The gallbladder and common bile duct are also typically removed. This operation is now a common treatment for endocrine cancer of the pancreas. The 5 year survival rate for pancreatic cancer is a dismal 5%. After employing the Whipple procedure , the 5 year survival rate increases to about 20%. This surgery, in many cases does not always resolve the cancer completely. Although visible signs may indicate complete removal of the pancreatic cancer through the Whipple Procedure , some cancerous cells may have already affected other nearby structures. It seems like this is the case for your father. Over time, these cancerous cells grow into tumors that can threaten life. The return of the cancer to the pancreas and/or other organs is to be expected even when all cancer of the pancreas seemed to have been eliminated with the Whipple Procedure . At this point of time, the prognosis must be considered as very guarded. Survival is based upon the stage of cancer development , available treatment options, and the patients overall health. I am not sure of the viability in your father's situation, but some positive results have been produced by Cold Laser Therapy. I recommend that the doctor be questioned on why the treatment modality is being confined to only chemotherapy. Determine if the treatment option being offered is only palliative and not really curative in nature. Ask directly about the prognosis and odds for survival. These questions deserve honest answers. If necessary, seek out a second medical opinion. I wish your father and his family peace during this challenging period of time.   The Whipple procedure , named for a 1920s physician, surgically treats pancreatic cancer by eliminating the head and sometimes the body of the pancreas. Also removed is usually part of the stomach, the small intestine, and lymph nodes in the vicinity of the pancreas. The gallbladder and common bile duct are also typically removed. This operation is now a common treatment for endocrine cancer of the pancreas. This surgery does not always resolve the cancer completely. Although visible signs may indicate complete removal of the cancerous pancreas through the Whipple Procedure, some cancerous cells may have already affected other nearby structures. Over time, these cancerous cells grow into tumors that can threaten life. The return of the cancer to the pancreas and/or other organs is to be expected even when all cancer of the pancreas seemed to have been eliminated with the Whipple Procedure. At this point of time, the prognosis must be considered as very guarded. Survival is based upon the stage of cancer development , available treatment options, and the patients overall health. I recommend that the doctor be questioned on why the treatment modality is being confined to only chemotherapy. Determine if the treatment option being offered is only palliative and not really curative in nature. Ask directly about the prognosis and odds for survival. These questions deserve honest answers. If necessary, seek out a second medical opinion. I wish your father and his family peace during this challenging period of time.  Problems with micturition and urinary inconstancy are more common than bowel dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease. With that said ,abnormality within the entire GI tract (including the stomach) that is just not confined to the rectum and colon is seen with PD. I suggest that you be examined by a gastroenterologist specialist who can assess your entire GI tract and may determine the cause of the incontinency.   It is only my guess, but you may have a fungal infection. Anecdotal stories and some medical professionals describe how fungal infections thrive in alkaline conditions. One of the treatments is to thoroughly acidify the affected area . Once more acid is achieved by adjusting the pH level in your finger area, the fungi will not be able to survive. Here are a couple of old- time soaks that may help: Additional suggestions and thoughts: Apply Thyme Oil & Thuja Oil - Together, these oils have proven effective in treating stubborn fungal infections. Follow the oil applications with 1 of the above referenced soak treatments. Many treatments concentrate too much on actively trying to kill the fungus rather than changing the environmental conditions. In my opinion, the best approach to successfully treatment your finger may involve both lowering the pH and actively killing any fungus. Please don't let the word "ACID" deter your soak treatment. Boric acid has been used safely for many decades and it is even used to treat some eye aliments. " Old-time" treatments may seem unorthodox and even primitive. But over time, they were routinely used by our ancestors and have a track record of providing safe and effective remedy. You should be able to purchase all of recommended ingredients "over- the -counter " from your local pharmacy, large mart store, and/or vitamin/health store at a reasonable price. Continue to follow-up with your doctor to monitor your healing progress.   You seem to have a smart PA. General anesthesia is very shocking to the body. Here are the suspected reason for hair loss after receiving general anesthesia: The good news is that normal hair growth should be restored within 3 months of surgery.   Here are my thoughts that are intended to be helpful: 1. It is not normal to still be in pain two years after surgery; 2. Anything is possible, but I do not think that you had surgery without the break being repaired. But it is very possible that the surgery was not successful or that damage occurred after the surgery; 3. You should not be subjected to a life full of pain; 4. By the way, what happened to the original doctor who performed your surgery? That individual had a responsibility to follow you post-surgically; 5. You need to see a different doctor (one that does take you seriously). Taking of an x-ray would seem to be a necessary diagnostic tool that was not employed. Having of an x-ray is rather routine, cost effective, and many times can even be done in the doctor's office. I am surprised at the omission of an x-ray in your case because doctors today can be held accountable for "Failure to Diagnosis.   You're correct. The anesthesia plays a large role in creating the constipation condition. I suggest taking an over the counter product, Citrate of Magnesia . It can be purchased in most drug stores, supermarkets with pharmacies, and perhaps even dollar stores. It is a liquid that comes in a couple of flavors, it is overall a safe OTC medicine, and has as its biggest benefit... reliable peristalsis contraction of the bowels. Below is a WebMD link containing reviews for this product. Of course it is not a delicious beverage even with its flavoring (but tolerable to help you in releasing those miserable feelings) and probably is ineffective for some people. But my experience in helping others with constipation issues through treatment with Citrate of Magnesia has been positive. I recommend buying a couple of bottles in case the first one does not produce results. I hope that this answer has been helpful and that you feel well soon. tp://www.webmd.com/drugs/drugreview-7165-Citrate+of+Magnesia+Oral.aspx?drugid=7165&drugname=Citrate+of+Magnesia+Oral   Neuropathy caused me to be in almost constant pain and to experience frequent falls to balance irregularities. I was prescribed the prescription medication, Gabapentin 600mg. 3xs per day with positive results. Additionally, the Gabapentin has been supplemented with the prescription medication, Mirapex 0.50 mg. 3 xs per day with even more improvement. With these medications, I changed from a hunched-over severely disabled person with chronic pain to an erect human being with bearable pain. I suggest that you not give up and locate a medical specialist willing to invest time in diagnosing your type of neuropathy and to their possibly titrating various pharmacological agents until your symptoms improve. You absolutely deserve a better response than the one provided by your doctor.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.  Congratulations on arriving at 83 years of age & contemplating a combined hip and knee replacement. Based upon the infrequency of the joint knee and hip operations being combined, I would think that the number of responses to your question will be limited. Although, my age and medical history are somewhat dissimilar, I can share from my experiences of having a full knee replacement 10 months ago and a revision of that knee surgery earlier this week. Let me tell you about my medical profile. I am younger than you, but have had congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardio-arrhythmia, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for at least 15 years. During both of my knee surgeries and a gallbladder removal operation during 2013,I had no in-surgery room complications or anesthesia problems. In order to be approved for my knee surgeries by the surgeon and hospital anesthesia department, I had not pass medical clearance testing consisting of an echo cardiogram, cardiac stress test, and an ultra sound of blood vessels in my neck. Additionally, I was required to have formal hard copy surgical clearances in written form from my family doctor and cardiologist. Depending on the parties involved, a pulmonologist may also be required to provide surgical clearance. I had to have in-range serum blood studies completed within 30 days of surgery. I was also required to have pre-surgery testing at the hospital during the week preceding the knee surgery. During my first knee surgery, I was also required to donate 1 unit of blood, 2x's, within 2 weeks of my surgery. I also was required by my surgeon to attend a 2 hour orientation to learn about the knee replacement procedure, the possible need for skilled nursing rehabilitation, required physical therapy, and the long term prognosis for success. My first knee surgery failed; my patella joint slipped from side-to- side and caused me great pain. With my knee revision surgery, the surgeon pretty much used some bone chips, bone dust, and glue to rebuild me a new knee. I owe him a lot and feel like I've been reborn. Everything that I have read shows that advanced aged individuals fair just as well as younger patients in both their survival rates, rehabilitation process, and overall satisfaction. Having both the hip and knee replaced at the same time means that you'll probably spend twice as long in surgery, need more inpatient hospital time, and more rehabilitation time. But because my 2nd knee surgery was a revision, I was also subjected to those same additional times. I did notice during my pre-surgery classes that a number of patients were scheduled to have both knees replaced at the same time. It did not seem like an out of the ordinary occurrence and will also require more time to complete. I have had neighbors and friends in their 80's who had knee surgery and were highly satisfied. My personal feeling is that you should become emotionally prepared and be aware that there are no guarantees of success. But trust me, if you are able to pass all of the required pre-surgical testing, you'll come out of surgery in good condition. The hospitals and doctors will not take a chance on performing these surgeries on a risky candidate. Your biggest concern post surgery should be what cruise and fun activities should I explore first. My anecdotal accountings from other people who had both surgeries ( not at the same time ) have been favorable. Physical limitations, depression, and fatigue without the surgeries are common. With the surgery, you stand a very good chance of eliminating those conditions and replacing them with feelings of joy. Best wishes on your decision and may you enjoy many days of rich happiness.  Things sometimes happen like your reflex response to reaching for a dropped item.The good news is that it sounds like you did not compromise the surgical repair. I would still suggest notifying your surgeon of the mishap. Stiffness, inflammation, poor range of motion, frozen shoulder syndrome, pain, and tingling caused by possible nerve damage could be suggestive symptoms of re-injuring of the same tendon. I had the surgery on December 17, 2013 and have reached the strengthening stage of my rehabilitation program. My recovery has been somewhat uneventful. I am good to my shoulder and it is responding well to the gentle love shown to it. I'm glad that I had the shoulder repaired.    The growth plates closes in most humans somewhere in the range of 13 years to 22 years of age. Since you are 20 years old and your father is also 5'2", your maximum height has probably already been reached. The honest truth is that 5' 2" is an acceptable height. The laws of genetics sometimes provide for traits that can vary greatly from sibling to sibling. In my own family, there were six (6) boys. Three of them had brown colored eyes while the other three (3) had green eyes. Blood types were also evenly divided between O and A. Two (2) of the brothers were five (5") inches taller than the other four (4) brothers. You can see a endocrinologist about any recent developments in the field of growth. This specialist in diagnosing and treating hormonal issues, may assess your height and make recommendations based on current medical science. HGH is a drug that is available used to treat children who are short of stature. My last remembrance is that the FDA has not granted approval for HGH to be prescribed for adults unless they have some other acceptable medical condition besides the short stature condition. This medication also comes with many potential side effects and can cost between $10,000.00 and $30,000.00 for treatment. It may not seem fair right now to be 5'2" at 20 years old. But most other people don't really care about that one (1) physical trait. As times goes by and your comfort level as an adult increases, you'll also feel very comfortable with being 5"2" tall.  I'm sorry that you did not receive an appropriate response to your original question. Here is some information that you may find helpful. It is a safe bet that the knee damage did not occur during the actual surgical procedure.Patellar fractures occur most frequently after a blow to the knee occurs such as a fall. While complications from total hip replacement do not typically include knee breakage, I believe that it is possible. Many internet forum discussion responders claim that they experienced intense knee pain after their THR Surgery ( I did not see any reports of knee breakage). Some posters reported thigh problems after THR surgery. It should be noted that blood may collect in the lower extremities like the knee and ankle after THR and results in pain. Atrophy of the quadriceps muscle can also happen if exercise programs aimed at strengthening are not started in a timely manner. Femur fractures are a possible complication with THR as the thigh muscles can contract so violently that it pulls the patella apart. My conclusion: The hip, femur, and knee all work together. So it reasonable to conclude that some THR complication caused the knee damage. Additionally, your wife would surely know if she experienced a violent traumatic event to her knee. But since most knee breakage is a result of trauma such as experienced in a fall, it will be difficult to attribute the knee damage to the THR Surgery. I hope that your wife will feel well soon.   A vitamin deficiency may cause an individual to feel sluggish. Vitamins taken orally may help replace nutrients not received through their daily diet. But vitamins will not provide a person with additional energy. The vitamin regimen that you are following appears to be appropriate following gastric bypass surgery. Hopefully the B12 is being taken sublingually (under the tongue) as gastric bypass patients cannot properly absorb B12 through their regular digestive system. Also, not mentioned is the amount of protein that you are ingesting each day. Your surgeon and nutritionist probably mandated about 85 grams. With all of that said, I hope that your surgery was a success and that you lost the excess weight as projected. Here are my suggestions to resolve your condition: See your family doctor to have routine blood work done and to discuss your medical history and current symptoms. Remember that you should be having blood studies conducted on a regular basis.You could have a dietary/vitamin deficiency or perhaps some other medical condition not related to vitamins and the bariatric surgery. Many physical and emotional aliments may present with having a lack of energy as a major symptom (even something like mild depression or anemia). Finally, It is wonderful that your husband is full of energy, but please do not compare yourself to him; each person is an individual. Best wishes for a happy life filled with more energy.  I'm sorry for your dad's bad surgical experience. I know how it is to have a family member who had surgery and also had a foreign object left behind. It happens more frequently than one might think. Some studies indicate that sponges, or surgical tools are left in the body of the operative patient in 1 out of every 1,000 surgeries. It may even have higher rates. Today, some hospitals, in addition to object counts being conducted prior to surgical closing, are using sponges with computer chips to ensure that this preventable surigical error does not happen. Symptoms of a foreign object left after surgery is usually limited initially to infection and requires a 2nd surgery to remove the object and clean-up the infection. Items not immediately noted as being left behind, may result in degrading of the object, movement of the object, blockages within the body, and severe pain.This type of surgical error will require corrective surergy.This later discovery of a foreign object may not occur until months or even years have passed since the original surgery. Your question states in part, "He has had all kinds of test but the doctors say they don't know." That's a very inexact statement; I really don't know what testing was done or what the results were.I would ask thoes doctors in a very precise manner exactly what testing was done and can it be conclusively ruled in or out as to whether a foreign object was left behind.  Other than surgery, most goiter reduction claims are not supported by scientific evidence. Of course your physician may recommend iodine replacement therapy and/or the medication, levothyroxine. Radioiodine therapy of nontoxic goiters is often performed in Europe with reports of positive results. It may benefit you to speak with an endocrinologist about possible other options.  Sometimes after a fracture in the shoulder, an adhesive capsulitis or "frozen shoulder" can occur. This is when the shoulder capsule tightens up. It can take months of physical therapy for this to "thaw." Sometimes your physician may inject a corticosteroid to try to speed the process up.  I had the same thing years ago. I could hardly walk. My big toe was the bad one. A Podiatrist replaced the joint and I am good as new. It actually was quite painful a couple days after the surgery. I used crutches to walk around and kept the foot elevated. But it was very successful. Go ahead and get your life back.  When you die. Keep on having those wonderful tests. It saves lives. I know of one person that had a colonoscopy and it saved his life. By the time you think you are having some problems, it could be too late. I am every five years now. Grin and bear it!!!!!  I certainly hope you have been to see your doctor about this. I just had my submandibular gland removed about 5 months ago. It was quite enlarged and cusing me to cough all the time. It was pressing on my throat. I have been cured!!! I also had a brown spot that occurred overnight last year on my face. Thought I had been bitten by a spider in bed. It wouldn't go away and then when I washed my face, it would bleed. So I went to a dermatologist, had a biopsy and it was cancer. I had it removed. Never let any spot or mole bleed without you going immediately to your doctor. Also watch out for a change in color on moles or spots.  I had total knee surgery twice. First the left knee and then the right. My doctor gave me the correct excersizes to do thank heavens. In comparison to some other people I had spoken with, what I did was right. I had the physical therapist come to the house for the first time. And you ..... MUST DO THESE EXCERCISES TWICE A DAY WHETHER YOU FEEL LIKE IT OR NOT!!!!!!! . 30 minutes before you start excercizing you take your pain pill. Then lay flat and start leg raises one leg at a time. Keep stiff leg and work to get that leg as high up as you can. Then do peddling a bicycle with the little 2 foot high bike you can get at a medical store to rent. Or maybe you can do that laying down and peddle like a bike with both legs. Try it. Don't baby yourself!! .I was given a long strip of plastic, like a strip of inertube, and you put that under the ball of your foot of the affected knee, sit straight up and pull it tight with both hands and press down like you are stepping on a gas pedal in the car.Keep your leg straight and the rubber tight. Eventually you will have to lift some sort of weight with your leg.Sit in a chair and tie something to your ankle, like a can of something heavy in something you can put around the ankle to hold it as the weight.RrAISE SLOWLY, RELEASE SLOWLY, RAISE SLOWLY, RELEASE SLOWLY. These are some of the excersizes I did. But, when you are done doing all of these, put an ice bag on the knee for about 20 minutes. Rest. YOU MUST UNDERSTAND, IF YOU DO NOT DO THE EXERCIZES YOUR DOCTOR GAVE YOU..YOU WILL END UP LIKE YOU ARE. By this time you should be well on the way to no pain and swelling. The ice bag after therapy is probably the answer for you. But going to therapy out of the house will stop you from taking you pain pill before you start, I would guess. Just that little help to ease the pain will make you work harder. You might do better doing all your therapy at home using the pain pill and ice packs. I hope this might help you. You didn't state what you therapy involved . Then you progress from 2 crutches to one crutch on the opposite side of the bad knee. From that you go to a cane. NO WALKER>  Possibly. See an ophthalmologist who specializes in muscle surgery.  Sometimes correction with prescription lenses (glasses or contacts) is possible. It depends on many factors. The best thing to do, is to see an eye doctor.  There are promising new treatments that are being developed using stem cells to stimulate cartiledge growth. Your orthopedic surgeon is focused on surgery, so he probably won't mention this and may not know about it. After having one successful knee replacement (arthritis) I'm biding my time till this treatment becomes available for the other knee.  Lymphedema develops after breast surgery because there is an alteration in the pathway that drains the fluids involved in the immune system. It can occur at any time after the surgery. If untreated, it can become worse. Following breast cancer surgery, a doctor will examine you and take arm measurements. Sometimes, there may be redness or pain in the arm, which may be a sign of inflammation. Depending on your symptoms, your physician will then consider the best treatment options for you.  Your best option for pain relief would be minor surgery. If you have a high tolerance for pain, you might benefit from physical therapy.  You could try natural remedies.If you want more info on this i can give you a wellness center's number and email.I have gone to the wellness center for some problems i had and it really helped me.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  I would say yes, but simply because the muscles aren't used to being used. You should check with your doctor first, but I'd suggest slowly----very slowly----doing simple exercises to work the muscles. Start with just a very few minutes or repetitions at a time and work your way up. It'll probably take several months or longer to get it back to normal. But before you do anything, check with your doctor. He'll more than likely give you an exercise regimen to build your shoulder muscles back up. Or it could be caused by something completely different, and the exercise could do more damage than good. So be sure and check with him first.  My husband had the procedure done at the Brown Hand Clinic on Friday and was able to work by Monday. The Brown clinic has a different procedure than the standard so he didn't have his hand cut open. I don't know what procedure you are considering.  Call your Doctor they will have all the answers that you need for post op recovery  See if the WebMD Physician Directory gives you any results. Enter in your zip code and search by "Bariatrician". You can click on any of the results that it provides you with to see what sort of insurance they accept or you can give them a call to find out. http://doctor.webmd.com/  The first thing to do is to make sure that your husband has medical clearance for exercise before initiating a program after surgery or during his recovery. Your husbands doctor or physical therapist should be able to provide example exercises, but ACE Fitness also has a pretty comprehensive exercise library with a wide assortment of exercises as well. My recommended course of action would be to print out some of these exercises that seem tolerable to him and show them to his doctor or physical therapist to gain his or her approval on those specific exercises. Practice caution when initiating an exercise routine so that your husband doesnt aggravate his current condition or cause further injury. Slow and gradual progression might be best.Visit the ACE exercise library located here: http://www.acefitness.org/exerciselibrary/default.aspx.  Heart surgery may be needed to correct heart disease that may be causing the arrhythmia. The Maze procedure is a type of surgery used to correct atrial fibrillation. During this procedure, a series (or "maze") of incisions are made in the right and left atria to confine the electrical impulses to defined pathways. Some people may require a pacemaker after this procedure.   I would see a Nerologist.I may not have spelled that correct. but they help with nerve problems.  You have the answer on some other page in webmd.. please go to .  These 2 procedures can be done at the same time but I am unsure it can be done with the robot and if they are done at the same time, I am unsure if the surgery would be suvccessful.  Keloid scars do happen in some people more than others, and it typically is a genetic potential that makes you prone to that. What we use to treat keloids are a combination of two things. Often simply cortisone injections into the scars themselves over time, it takes a few treatments, usually done at four-six week intervals, will help flatten those scars. There will still be a scar, but it will be smoother and flatter. The other thing that we can use is a pulsed dye laser that targets the blood vessel in the scar and helps it flatten. So those two, sometimes used together, can help that area heal and become smoother, softer, and flatter more quickly. Over time you may have to repeat the treatment, because sometimes keloids reform over time. But typically, after a few treatments you will see the area get better, and then maybe once a year or so you will have to retreat.  Look for under-eye creams that contain retinoids, niacinamide, peptides, and caffeine. The next step is to see your dermatologist for an evaluation for a fractional CO2 procedure, which can tighten and smooth the skin very nicely. Be careful to also manage your salt intake, get enough sleep, and try not to rub the area around your eyes. If you have allergies/sinusitis, be sure to keep them under control as much as possible since that can also contribute to the puffiness in this area. The under-eye area is also one place where stress shows very quickly, so managing your stressors is helpful as well.  Look for under-eye creams that contain ingredients such as niacinamide, peptides, and caffeine. Be careful to also manage your salt intake, get enough sleep, and try not to rub the area around your eyes. If you have allergies/sinusitis, be sure to keep them under control as much as possible since that can also contribute to the puffiness in this area. The under-eye area is also one place where stress shows very quickly, so managing your stressors is helpful as well. Avoid heavy eye creams that trap moisture into the skin and may cause puffiness. Make sure you use a full face product with anti-aging ingredients that deliver firmness and protect skin from UV damage, and ensure you add a targeted eye cream or serums for extra care.  Look for under-eye creams that contain retinoids, niacinamide, peptides, and caffeine. The next step is to see your dermatologist for an evaluation for a fractional CO2 procedure, which can tighten and smooth the skin very nicely. Be careful to also manage your salt intake, get enough sleep, and try not to rub the area around your eyes. If you have allergies/sinusitis, be sure to keep them under control as much as possible since that can also contribute to the puffiness in this area. The under-eye area is also one place where stress shows very quickly, so managing your stressors is helpful as well.  I would too. You need to see a cardiologist and get it checked out. Sounds like you have V-Tach that is not resolved. You are on a cardiac medication that might be needing an adjustment or some other kind of meds. Also, you need to tell your surgeon about the heart palpitations it could cause you to have trouble while having surgery. I would definitely get a work up before the spine surgery. Good luck.  You should have a pre-op appointment with your surgeon's nurse (or physician assistant) and/or a nurse at the facility where your knee replacement will occur. These nurses should answer all your questions about pre-operative medication regimens, whether or not to take Lantus the day of your surgery, when to stop eating before surgery, and so on. In general, people with blood sugar problems can experience longer healing times. I'd recommend asking your surgeon (or his/her nurse or physician assistant) what to expect, in terms of possible problems healing. Because your A1C is good, you may not experience any problems, at all. Be sure to follow all your surgeon's printed instructions for post-op care of the wound. I suggest you write down all your questions for the pre-op appointment. Be sure you receive printed instructions for before and after the surgery. If any of your questions aren't answered in advance, feel free to call your surgeon's office for clarification. Hope this helps!  I am so sorry to hear you're suffering with . It truly is one of the cruelest disorders out there. Unfortunately, the only permanent treatment for this disease is surgery. This is because hidradenitis suppurativa is an infection of the sweat glands. The only way to permanently rid yourself of the abscesses is to surgically remove them. When the abscesses are smaller and more superficial, they can be treated with antibiotics. However, as you've discovered, this disease can take cruel turns, with large outbreaks containing multiple sinus tracts that just won't heal. That's usually the point at which surgery becomes an option. I'm sorry you were misdiagnosed for so long. I suggest you consult several plastic and reconstructive surgeons or general surgeons with significant experience dealing with hidradenitis over the long term. Unfortunately, many patients require several surgeries over the course of years, so finding a surgeon you "click" with is crucial. I sincerely wish you all the best with this. When I worked as a plastic and reconstructive surgery nurse, I had the privilege of caring for a number of hidradenitis patients, so I honestly know what you're dealing with.  I'm sorry to hear you're struggling with regaining your strength after hip replacement. That must be difficult to deal with! While I generally agree with your statement you must "use energy to have energy," I wonder if you're pushing yourself too hard, too fast. I realize it's been 9 months since your surgery, but if you've been pushing too hard for the entire 9 months, you may have set yourself back a bit. Remember: rest is good, too. Your body requires downtime to do things like produce hemoglobin. If you became anemic since the surgery, you probably should push your iron intake. I realize you're taking iron supplements now, but, frankly, they're not as effective as dietary sources. I'd suggest you increase your dietary intake of iron, as well as taking a supplement. I probably don't need to tell you spinach, iron-fortified cereals, tofu, and pumpkin seeds are all rich . If exercise is wearing you out rather than pepping you up, I suspect you're over-exercising. Try dialing down your regimen and see if that helps. I wish you all the best!  Because there are different types of "ablation surgery," it's not possible to accurately answer your question, but here is some general information. Your surgeon's office or the hospital should give you some written instructions about what medications you may and may not take prior to your procedure. If you did not receive any pre-operative teaching, you should call your surgeon's office and ask when you will receive this information. If your procedure is scheduled for tomorrow, then I would advise not taking any Advil (ibuprofen) within 24 hours of your surgery. In general, you should avoid taking any non-prescription medication before surgery. Again, you should receive written instructions before any type of surgical procedure. Each surgery and surgeon have different restrictions on what medications you may take, when you need to stop eating and drinking, and other pre-operative procedures. Best wishes on your procedure. I hope it goes well!  I'm sorry to hear you're having pain problems with your hips. It sounds very unpleasant! To answer your question, most infections in the body cause . In fact, fever often is the first sign of an infection brewing somewhere. Other signs and symptoms of infection anywhere in the body include an elevated white blood cell (WBC) count, localized pain, and foul-smelling drainage -- among other things. The bursae (plural of bursa) are leathery sacs located near the joints. These sacs produce fluid to lubricate the joints. An infected bursa probably would be diagnosed via aspiration, in which a small needle is inserted into the bursa sac and fluid withdrawn. This fluid can be cultured to determine if it contains infection-causing bacteria. It's important to note that is not an infection, per se. The suffix "-itis" means "inflamed." Thus, "bursitis" simply means an inflamed bursa, not necessarily an infected one. Many things can cause a hip bursa to become inflamed, including trauma (falling and tearing or injuring the bursa sac) and chronic irritation (such as sleeping on your side). Bursitis can be difficult to cure. If you have reason to believe one of your hip bursae is infected, please discuss your concerns with your pain management doctor. He can best address this issue and take appropriate steps. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you've suffered a spinal injury. That's always scary! "C-spine" refers to the cervical spine, which consists of the first 7 vertebrae (bones) at the top of the spine (the part of the spine that connects to the base of your skull). This part of the spinal column protects some very important major nerves, including the ones that enable a person to breathe. The question of whether or not you need surgery to correct your C-spine injury is entirely up to your doctor and depends on how severe the injury is. Minor injuries to the cervical spine may heal on their own, with help from stabilization (such as a soft or hard collar). More severe injuries may require surgery to ensure those major nerves I referred to don't get injured, as well. for degenerative disc disease or injury is not uncommon. I hope you find this information useful and that you're able to get through this without surgery!  I'm sorry you're going through this, but I doubt it has anything to do with your blood transfusions. Just to be clear: eczema is not something that can be transmitted through an exchange of blood. Eczema is not contagious. So you can rule out that theory. I suggest you seek a medical opinion about the cause of the scaly, itchy skin on your leg. It could, indeed, be eczema. But it might be something else altogether. A medical professional can not only diagnose the problem but also prescribe an appropriate treatment. Wishing you well!  You ask a good question. Many people have concerns about going under general anesthesia, even when they're in good health. Certainly, a generally healthy 73-year old man would not be at much higher risk of complications from general anesthesia than anyone else. However, that doesn't matter because the individual has stated he doesn't want to go under general anesthesia. And you know what? That might be OK. Depending on how bad the umbilical hernia is, he might be able to have the procedure done under sedation -- much like what you get when you have a colonoscopy. It's enough IV medication to keep you comfortably drowsy, but no breathing tube is involved and waking up generally is quick. The patient might also be able to have the umbilical hernia repaired under just local anesthesia (numbing injections to the area) if the hernia isn't too severe. I suggest the gentleman discuss his concerns with a surgeon. If one surgeon won't consider doing the repair under sedation or local anesthesia, feel free to consult others. It may not sound logical, but you might consider consulting a plastic and reconstructive surgeon because they have other tissue-numbing methods at their disposal that might work well for someone who's reluctant to undergo general anesthesia. I hope the gentleman gets his umbilical hernia repaired because it's usually a pretty straightforward procedure, and his quality of life likely will be greatly improved afterwards. Wishing you well!  Unfortunately, there is no way to enlarge the breasts other than with surgery. We're pretty much stuck with whatever Mother Nature gives us! Breast enlargement or breast enhancement creams have not been scientifically proven to work. I would be wary when spending money on any of these products. If you're truly unhappy with the size of your breasts and don't want surgery, you might consider getting some gel pads to slip into your bra. These will make your breasts appear plumper. Some bras even contain built-in enhancers to make your breasts look larger. A good bra shop can help you find something. Remember that breast size does not define your beauty or femininity. Your true beauty shines from within! Best wishes to you!  The sequence of events here is a little unclear to me. It sounds like you had your gallbladder removed recently and also have other symptoms that sound unrelated to your gallbladder problem. If you had your gallbladder removed recently, and you have three or four small incisions (including one in your belly button), then you had . During this procedure, several small incisions are made in your abdomen, and instruments are inserted through them. To make this process work, your abdomen is inflated with harmless carbon dioxide gas. The unfortunate side effect of this gas is post-surgery bloating and, sometimes, pain. At times, the pain can occur in the shoulder area. This is normal and should go away within several days. Vomiting after gallbladder surgery also is not uncommon. If you follow a lower-fat diet, it should help with the vomiting issue. If you had gallbladder surgery recently, you should be scheduled for follow-up appointments with your surgeon. Please keep these appointments. Your surgeon will be able to tell you if your recovery is progressing normally. The pimples and sores in your underarm, thigh, and nipple area do not sound like they're related to your gallbladder issues. Digestive system issues usually do not manifest as skin problems. I would suggest you consult a dermatologist (or even your primary care physician) to take a look at these lesions to find out what they are, and what's causing them. I hope this helps and wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing this. Chronic sinus problems are not uncommon and, unfortunately, there isn't always a good solution to fixing them. In answer to your question: No, ear wax and sinus problems are not related. (also called "cerumen") is a combination of skin cells, skin oils, dust and other debris that can build up in the ear canal (the outer portion of the ear). People obsess about ear wax sometimes, but unless your health care provider tells you to do something about the wax, you can simply clean the ear canal with a damp washcloth. Don't go poking cotton swabs in there! The swooshing sound you're describing when you stand up quickly may or may not be related to your sinuses or your . Many people experience a phenomenon called " ," which is fancy talk for "a sudden drop in blood pressure when standing." You could possibly "hear" this when it occurs. Or you could have fluid in your Eustachian tubes. Only a health care provider can tell for sure. I'd suggest you continue to see your family doctor about the problem and discuss whether or not s/he would refer you to a different ENT doctor. There may be new treatments available since you last investigated this problem. Hope this helps!  That's up to your doctor. I mean, eventually you should be able to work out again. The question is how long you'll have to wait. So many factors go into informing a doctor's decision about this. If it's a small, simple umbilical hernia that's easy to fix, then the wait may be shorter. If it's a large, more complicated surgery, then the wait may be longer. I'd suggest you discuss the issue of recovery and working out at the gym with your surgeon before you have surgery. That way you can be prepared for what the future may hold. Wishing you well!  I think you're wise to get a second opinion. Whether or not the X-rays look "fine," the truth is you're symptomatic. You deserve to learn why you're having problems. The main reason I wanted to respond, though, is to suggest you take your temperature. If you have a fever, I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider for some blood work. A fever can be a sign of infection, and infection of a prosthetic knee is always a possibility. If you do have an infection, you'd want to get that treated as soon as possible. While you're waiting for your appointment with the second doctor, I'd suggest you use an assistive device to help stabilize your balance so you don't fall. Either a 4-point cane or a walker would be ideal. The last thing you want is to sustain an injury before you get your knee problem figured out. Wishing you all the best and hoping you feel better soon!  I would advise you to ask the doctor. Honestly, you have a completely valid question there, and the doctor not only will give you advice specific to your situation but may change the method of wound closure to accommodate your needs if he knows this in advance. There's no way to estimate whether or not it will be safe for you to have sex a week after your surgery because many different factors come into play: the exact location of the mole, the size of the incision, condom usage, etc. Please don't feel shy about asking your doctor about this. Trust me, he will take your question seriously. Wishing you well!  It's hard to say what's causing this. Although outwardly everything may look healed, that's not necessarily the case inside. It takes about 6 weeks for scar tissue to become as strong as suture. It's possible you popped a small suture during stretching, which is now causing you a little pain. Or it's possible this is simply residual pain from the surgery. It's not uncommon for nerves that were cut during surgery to start "waking up" around this timeframe. You might expect on-and-off pain from this nerve healing process for several months. If you've been doing vigorous exercising, I'd advise you to speak with your doctor. It's possible you worked out too hard to quickly. This probably wouldn't cause any serious or lingering health problems, but it's worth investigating. If you haven't been cleared by your surgeon to exercise, then you should stop until you have clearance. Wish I could give you a better answer, but it's impossible to say what's going on here without a physical exam. If the pain persists, or if you suddenly spike a fever over 101F, you definitely need to seek medical attention. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're in pain. That's no fun! Well, yes, it's possible you tore the ligament again. Or you may simply have strained it. Or you could have a small fracture in your foot or ankle. My point is that your best bet is to see your primary health care provider for an exam and possibly an X-ray. That's the only way to tell for sure what's going on here. At the same time, your provider should be able to get you some pain treatment, which is important. I hope you feel better soon!  If you are suffering from trigeminal neuralgia, you have my sincerest sympathy. It is an extremely painful condition. (also called tic douloureux) is a very common cause of facial pain and causes severe attacks of intense facial pain, often with a visible muscle spasm. Trigeminal neuralgia (TN) usually is caused by compression of the root of the trigeminal nerve, which is a big nerve with three branches that supplies the face with sensation and movement. TN attacks usually come and go. Patients may go through a period of weeks or months where they have many attacks, and then these may clear up for no reason before coming back months later. TN usually is treated with medication. Surgical therapy has not been well-studied for this condition. Of the surgeries that are currently used to treat TN, none of them are "oral surgeries." The most common surgery, for example, involves going through the skull. I hope this helps!  I'd suggest you see a doctor about this. You can start with your primary care provider, and he or she will refer you to an orthopedic doctor if necessary. You don't say exactly what kind of surgery you had in 2009. I'm thinking it was an arthroscopy to remove pieces of the meniscus. If this is the case, and you're experiencing new or worsening symptoms, you'd be well served to see a health care provider. I wouldn't necessarily recommend wearing a knee brace. You could reduce your range of motion and have a hard time getting it back. The only way to truly solve this problem is to get an examination by a health care provider. He or she can discuss with you all the various options, from physical therapy to surgery, that can help solve your knee problem. Good luck!  The best answer to your question is this: Call your surgeon's office and ask. If the boil is not located anywhere near the surgical area, the surgeon probably will simply proceed with the surgery. But that's his or her decison, and the sooner you alert the office to this development, the better it will be for everyone. If the boil is located in the surgical area, it still may not be a problem. In fact, the surgeon may decide to remove the boil during the surgery. It all depends on what type of surgery you're having and in what area of the body. But, anyway, as I said the best thing you can do is call your surgeon's office and let them know. Surgical scheduling is an art all unto itself, and if your case has to be delayed, it's better for the surgeon's scheduler to know about it as far in advance as possible. Wishing you all the best!  Most experts agree it's possible to have some sort of bariatric (weight loss) surgery after having had a fundoplication. As you probably know, there are many types of bariatric surgery. Some of these include: gastric bypass, Lap Band, and sleeve gastrectomy, among others. Your best bet is to talk to a bariatric surgeon. He or she can explain all the risks involved. Depending on the type of bariatric surgery you have, you may be at greater risk for certain complications since you have undergone fundoplication. These complications may include injury to the stomach and leakage. Again, these are potential complications you should discuss with a bariatric surgeon. When thinking about bariatric surgery, it's best to find a surgeon who specializes in these procedures. Ask what type(s) of bariatric surgery the surgeon performs, how many procedures he or she performs each year, and how often his or her patients encounter serious complications after the surgery. It's also a good idea to interview several surgeons before making a choice. You can ask for referrals to speak to former patients, though health care laws may make it difficult for a doctor to provide such information. But it never hurts to ask!  The best answer to your question is this: Consult your physician. You're smart to think about the "blood thinning" properties of over-the-counter pain relievers, given you're on coumadin (warfarin). Generally speaking, it's not wise to take any NSAID -- such as aspirin, naproxyn or ibuprofen -- when you're taking warfarin or another anti-clotting drug. In this case, acetaminophen (Tylenol) is your only over-the-counter option. However, you should ask your health care provider what to do in your specific case. Everyone is different, and your provider may be able to give you a prescription pain reliever that will not interact with the warfarin. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear your dad is going through this. It sounds frightening. I would not jump to an immediate diagnosis of cancer. While this unexpected bleeding certainly should be investigated by a health care professional, there could be many causes for this bleeding that have nothing to do with cancer. That said, I would suggest your dad see a health care provider as soon as possible. Any time a person develops a new symptom (such as bleeding), it's worth getting it checked out. Hope this helps. Wishing your dad all the best!  I suggest you contact your surgeon immediately. While scrotal edema (swelling of the sac that holds the testicles) after is not necessarily uncommon, the fact it's occurring 5 days post-operatively and seems to be linked to some sort of painful activity means the swelling may not be normal in your case. You don't say if you ejaculated via intercourse or masturbation. If you had intercourse just 5 days after inguinal hernia repair surgery, you may have caused too much strain on the sutures and ruptured them, which is what may be causing your scrotum to swell. If you ejaculated through masturbation, you still may have somehow disrupted the internal repair. Your best bet is to call your surgeon's office to report this or make an appointment. Don't be ashamed to tell the receptionist you're experiencing scrotal swelling with pain. You don't have to tell them over the phone how this happened, but you should be frank with your surgeon in order for him or her to provide you with the best care. Hope this helps!  It's very wise of you to ask this question. Your best bet is to contact the surgeon's office for their advice in this matter. In my personal experience as a plastic surgery nurse, I advised patients it was OK to remove the binder long enough to wash and dry it. At a week post-surgery, I would think this to be OK, but every surgeon has different guidelines. That's why you should contact your surgeon to see what they recommend, rather than taking my word for it! Wishing you the best!  I'm sorry to hear of your husband's health problems. It's difficult when they begin to stack up like that. Several things could cause your husband's ears to turn purple when he lies down. The most likely thing is a lack of oxygen due to congestive heart failure. You might see if propping up his head and back on extra pillows makes the purple ears go away. This is something you should talk to your husband's doctor about. Because it started happening recently, your husband's doctor will want to know about it. I suggest you call for an appointment. Hope this helps! Take care.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Feeling as if a surgery didn't work is never a good thing. You don't describe any symptoms that lead you to the feeling one side of your inguinal hernia repair was unsuccessful. Is the surgical site feeling hard? Painful? If so, these may be normal issues at six months after surgery. For instance, as scar tissue builds up, it can cause a surgical incision to feel hard. Also, small nerves that were cut during the surgery may cause pain (especially burning, stinging pain) as they "wake up." This process can take weeks to months. I'm not a lawyer and cannot give legal advice (which is essentially what you're asking for). However, a surgeon is never "obligated" to perform additional surgeries on a patient, even if they're considered by the patient as "corrective." I urge you to discuss your concerns directly with your surgeon. As a former surgical nurse, I've never known a surgeon who was not eager to make sure his patients were satisfied. If you feel your concerns are not being heard by your original surgeon, by all means get a second opinion. Like I said, many issues that patients interpret as "problems" after surgery actually are part of the normal healing process. Healing from surgery doesn't occur in a week or a month. Depending on each person's individual medical history, surgical healing can take many months. And, by the way, it's not uncommon for one side of a bilateral surgery to heal at a different pace than the other side. Wishing you well!  I can't find any studies on eosinophilic esophagitis and bariatric surgery (gastric bypass), specifically, so I don't know if it's been done before. However, the fact your prospective surgeon said he wouldn't do it should be something of a red flag for you. I'd suggest you consult two or three other bariatric surgery specialists in your area to see what they say. You may find someone who has plenty of experience with the situation you describe and is willing to do the surgery, or you may find they all advise against doing the surgery. Then you'll have your answer. As you probably know, there are many types of bariatric (weight loss) surgery besides gastric bypass. This goes over several types of weight loss surgery. Good luck to you!  That's a very good question. Unfortunately, the answer is no. Any time the skin is cut with an incision, a scar will develop. That's just the plain truth. There are several things you can do after surgery to minimize the appearance of a scar, but it will always be there. After your incision has healed (and after your surgeon has given his permission), you can try massaging the scar several times a day using as much pressure as you can tolerate. A scar is basically a buildup of fibrous tissue. The more you massage this tissue and break it up, the less noticeable the scar may be. You don't need to use a fancy product while doing this scar massage, either. Plain lotion is fine. It's the mechanical action of the massage that matters. When I was a plastic surgery nurse, the surgeon I worked for always told patients to avoid applying pure Vitamin E oil to any incision. This can cause reddening of the scar in some people. However, a lotion or cream containing Vitamin E is fine. Remember that your scar should continue to fade over time. If your scar is unattractive to you, there are some relatively new products on the market called silicone sheets or gel patches that seem to work quite well to help minimize scars. They're also rather expensive. Reminder: NO scar massage before your surgeon says it's OK. Your incision needs to be fully healed before you start massaging it. Wishing you all the best for a successful surgery and speedy recovery!  I'm sorry you're having concerns about your incision. Sometimes, they can be a bit slower to heal than we'd like. I can't give you specific instructions because I don't know what type of closure you had for your incision: staples, sutures (stitches), glue (Dermabond), steristrips (the little tape pieces), etc. Each type of closure can require a different type of post-surgery care. What I can tell you is that you probably don't need to clean the wound with peroxide or use epsom salts. In most cases, we recommend gently cleansing the incision with plain soap and water, then patting dry. But, again, this depends on the type of closure you had on the incision. Using an antibacterial bandage, as you've done, isn't a bad idea. A key question, in terms of whether or not you should have this checked out, is this: Are you running a fever? A fever is the classic sign of infection. If you're not running a fever (as checked by a thermometer), then you're probably OK to wait for your next check-up. If your next check-up is weeks away, you could put a call in to your surgeon's office and ask to speak to the nurse. She or he can give you further instructions on how to care for your incision. A 1/8-inch opening or red spot isn't usually concerning, and what you're perceiving as "yellow pus" might not be infection, at all. It's not uncommon for any wound to ooze a sticky, yellowish substance that is basically excess protein cells produced by the body for healing. I hope this info helps. If you have any concerns, please don't hesitate to phone your surgeon's office!  So sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds miserable! If you had been taking hormone replacement therapy but went off it some time ago, it doesn't seem likely your symptoms are related to lack of estrogen. If, on the other hand, you stopped HRT relatively recently, then your symptoms could indeed be related to a reduction in your female hormone levels. Because other health issues can cause the symptoms you describe, I'd suggest you visit your primary care provider for an evaluation. He or she may have you get some blood work done to try to determine the cause of your symptoms. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're still experiencing pain after your back surgery. That's certainly not the desired outcome. I'm also sorry you had trouble with the Answers interface. It does appear that your question posted just fine. Regarding your back, I'd suggest you return to your surgeon for advice. Depending on how long ago you had the surgery, this pain you feel may be normal. When a nerve is decompressed at the spinal root, it literally can take months for that nerve to go through a cycle of "waking up," getting angry (painful), and then settling back down. So please don't give up on the surgery too quickly. In the meantime, you might ask your doctor about physical therapy to help with the pain. Frequently, back surgery can cause the muscles to tighten up and/or spasm. Sometimes physical therapy can help relax these muscles and relieve the pain. I hope you feel better soon!  Well, that's no fun! You figure to pain with surgery, not create more, right?? It's entirely possible your gait changed after you had back surgery. Gait refers to the way you walk: how your weight is distributed on your legs/feet, the length of your stride, and so on. A change in your gait could certainly contribute to the symptoms you describe. The most common cause of heel pain is a condition called (pronounced "planter" "fah-she-EYE-tiss"). Plantar fasciitis is an annoyance but not a serious disease. Your health care provider can tell you whether or not you have plantar fasciitis or some other problem with your foot. He or she also should be able to tell you if this is related to your back surgery. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider, to start with. Good luck to you!  Ah, gravity. It gets to all of us ladies sooner or later, doesn't it? Unfortunately, I don't have good news for you. Whether your breasts are naturally droopy due to age, or whether you feel breastfeeding took an unkind toll, the only way to lift those breasts back up is through (also called mastopexy or mammoplasty). Plastic surgeons and cosmetic surgeons perform this procedure, which isn't usually covered by insurance. If you really don't want to go through surgery, the only other way to lift the breast up a bit is to use some sort of padding (you can buy silicone bra inserts) and a very good bra. I recommend you see a certified bra fitter as a first step. The vast majority of women do not wear the correct size bra. A bra fitter will measure you to determine your real bra size and then help you choose a bra that gives you the best lift. A bra fitter may also be able to help you find an insert to help your breasts look as good as possible in a bra. In terms of various creams and potions you may see advertised to "firm the breasts," I want to mention there is absolutely no scientific evidence that they work -- and no reason they would work. Droopy or saggy breasts are largely due to stretched-out skin. No cream or lotion can fix that. All the best to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. is no fun, that's for sure! The only way you'll find out the answer to your question is to ask. Somnolence (sleepiness) is one of the main side effects of opioid pain relievers like morphine and oxycodone. Often, the first treatment for excessive somnolence in opioid users is to reduce the dosage. If that's impossible in your case, then your doctor may consider prescribing something to offset the drowsiness. If you're experiencing severe sleepiness due to opioid use, you need to be extremely careful about driving, cooking (for example, using knives or a food processor), operating machinery, or any tasks that require keen awareness. You also need to make sure you're not so highly medicated that your breathing slows or stops. Regularly check your lips to make sure they don't have a bluish tint around the edges, and make sure your finger nailbeds stay pink, as well. If you see any bluishness around your mouth or in your nailbeds, you should contact your doctor right away, as these can be signs of an accidental opioid overdose. I just want to add that your pain should not keep you "bedridden." You should do everything you can to stay active, whether this means using crutches, a cane, or even a wheelchair. But don't stay in bed because then you're putting yourself at risk for a blood clot. And you don't need that on top of everything else! Good luck to you!  First, I'm very sorry to hear of your loss. My sympathy to you and your family. As to your question, it sounds like you're asking about the "manner of death" listed on the death certificate. In general, a death certificate has a section called "Cause of Death," which lists the direct event that led to a person's death, such as "myocardial infarction" (heart attack). The death certificate usually also has a section called "Manner of Death," which often consists of checkboxes labeled "natural," "accident," "homicide," "suicide," "undetermined," etc. , a perforated bowel would be considered a "natural" death. A "natural" death usually is one that arises from a disease process or aging. Keep in mind, I am not a physician or lawyer. I'm just offering information based on my best knowledge of death certificates. If you have questions about your mother-in-law's death certificate, you can consult the physician who certified the death certificate. His or her name should be listed. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) has a page on its website about how to fill out a death certificate. I am unable to link to it here, but a search of their site should reveal it. Again, I'm very sorry for your loss.  These are good questions to discuss with your surgeon or his nurse. I applaud your gathering information in advance so you can plan ahead. Some surgeons may send home an appendectomy patient on the same day, while others may keep him/her overnight for 'observation.' Please tell your surgeon you live alone, as this may influence his/her decision about whether or not to discharge you on the same day as your procedure. Keep in mind you will not be allowed to drive yourself home if you've had general anesthesia. Again, this is a key point to mention to your surgeon so s/he can plan your care accordingly. While an appendectomy isn't a "big" surgery, you will have one or more incisions. You will want to avoid any activity that puts strain on the sutures. This includes lifting anything heavy, twisting at the waist, etc. Your surgeon should provide you with detailed discharge instructions that tell you if you have any lifting restrictions after surgery. You probably won't need any special diet, but again your surgeon's discharge instructions are the final word on that point. You should plan to rest easy for a few days after surgery, but be sure to get up and walk around regularly to avoid blood clots in the legs. Simply walking around should not harm you. If you have any questions after you get home, call your surgeon's office. Wishing you well!  That's a great question for your doctor. I'd say to wear them until your doctor tells you it's OK to stop. Compression stockings are worn after procedures like hip replacement to help reduce the chance of a blood clot ( ). DVTs may not occur until a couple of weeks post-surgery, so you should wear the hose at least that long. If you have any fluid buildup in your legs, you also need to keep wearing the compression stockings. Fluid buildup can be a sign of poor circulation, which, again, can lead to the development of a DVT. So, in a nutshell, seek your surgeon's advice as to when you can stop wearing the stockings. And don't stop too soon! All the best to you!  The short answer to your question is that the development of does seem more prevalent in joints that have been injured in the past. So, you may development osteoarthritis of your foot in the future. That said, the midfoot is not a common place to develop osteoarthritis. (The big toe is a more common target for arthritis.) In terms of whether or not you suffered a Lisfranc injury, it does sound like it from your description. A midfoot injury is deemed a "Lisfranc fracture" (or dislocation or injury) when any of the metatarsal bones separates from the tarsus, which is the cluster of bones from the heel to the midfoot. This usually happens due to a crushing injury, like dropping a jar of pickles on your foot. Athletes in certain sports are more prone to Lisfranc injuries. These include football and snowboarding. Lisfranc injuries occur in varying degrees of severity. Slight dislocations often are treated just as you described, with some type of splinting (an air cast). Severe dislocations require surgery. Hope this helps and that you get better soon!  For the most accurate information, you should call your surgeon's office and ask to speak to the nurse. He or she can advise you as to what post-op care your surgeon prefers. Generally speaking, it should be OK to shampoo normally. Be careful not to catch a suture with your comb or brush. (Ouch!) Assuming you're not allergic to any medications, you're probably safe to apply an antibiotic ointment to the wound (such as a generic "triple antibiotic ointment") for a few days. After that, you're probably safe to use A+D ointment (which does not contain antibiotics) to promote healing. This ointment is usually found on the diaper rash aisle of any grocery store or drug store. You shouldn't apply any hair product to the area (like mousse or hairspray), and you shouldn't blow-dry the area right around the wound. It's very hard to keep a bandage on a wound that's surrounded by hair, and you may not need to keep this covered. If you work with the public (especially with children, such as in daycare or school setting, or if you work in retail or handle money), then I'd suggest you try to keep the wound covered to avoid allowing germs in. However, if you work in an office environment, for example, you're probably OK to leave the wound uncovered. This shouldn't affect its healing, as long as you keep it moist with either the antibiotic ointment or A+D until it scabs over. No matter what, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water before you touch or bandage your wound. The wound should scab over within a week or so, and it will continue healing for up to a few weeks. Once a scab is in place, you no longer need to apply any ointment or a bandage. As I said, these are general guidelines only. Your surgeon may have different preferences, and you should consult him or her for instructions. I wish you all the best!  Sorry you had breast cancer. I like the approach. It's a great reconstructive method, in my opinion. I'm a little confused because you state you have an open wound in your abdomen. This is a not-uncommon complication of TRAM flap surgery. If the wound is still healing, I would suggest you consult your surgeon about this hardened tissue. It could be many other things besides scar tissue. Until all of your wounds have healed completely, you probably shouldn't take any action toward scar reduction. That can wait until you're all healed up. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you lost an ovary at such a young age and that it's causing you anxiety 5 years later. The situation you describe (a twisted ovary or "ovarian torsion") is relatively uncommon. The majority of cases (about 75%) occur in women under age 30. Ovarian torsion is caused by an underlying problem, such as unusually long fallopian tubes or congested veins in the blood supply that serves the ovary. It's unfortunate your surgeon didn't give you a report as to the underlying cause for your ovarian torsion. Possibly you could still obtain the records from the surgery in an effort to determine what the cause was. This would be useful from the standpoint that a gynecologist could give you a better idea of whether or not the situation may recur with the other ovary. Although you have no health insurance, you should still be able to obtain health care at any of the many free or low-cost women's health clinics around the country. If there's not one in your immediate city, try to find one in a nearby town. In addition, check with your local Medicaid office to find out if you qualify for free health insurance through your state program. It's crucial you obtain a Pap smear and pelvic exam, just for your overall health and well-being. Meanwhile, try to keep a positive attitude and know there's no way to prevent an ovarian torsion. You simply need to be vigilant to the symptoms you experienced before. If you begin to experience any of those symptoms again (sudden, extreme abdominal pain accompanied by nausea, fever, or a racing heartbeat), get quickly to an emergency room and inform the doctor you've had a previous ovary removed due to torsion. Ovaries sometimes can be saved if ovarian torsion is diagnosed quickly enough. Best wishes to you!  I guess the safest advice to give you is to call your surgeon's office for some guidance. On the one hand, the bruise-like mark on your lower abdomen doesn't surprise me after a . But the warmness in your legs sounds a bit unusual. In a laparoscopy procedure, three small incisions are made in the abdomen. One of these cuts is in the belly button. Because gravity will pull "old blood" (such as in a bruise) toward the feet, that mark you see on your belly could simply be bruising related to the belly button incision. Why your legs would feel warm is a mystery to me. When you speak to your surgeon or his or her nurse, be prepared to tell him or her when the symptoms started. This will help them assess if the leg issue is related to the surgery or not. Wishing you all the best!  Good question. Unfortunately, it's impossible to give you an answer in a forum like this because we don't know your complete medical history and because your question can only be answered with a physical examination and possibly some routine blood work to get started. Many things can cause fatigue. Your tiredness may not even be related to the gastric bypass. Only a medical professional can help you get to the bottom of what's causing your fatigue. You can start by making an appointment with your primary health care provider. He or she will perform routine tests and then refer you to a specialist, if necessary. Wishing you well!  To answer your primary question: in the back do not lead to cancer. There's no relationship I know of between disc disease and any type of cancer. So, at least you can set your mind at ease about that. I'm sorry you're having pain, though. You deserve to have your pain treated. Please make an appointment with your primary care provider to discuss your pain and, hopefully, leave with a treatment plan. If your primary care provider doesn't prefer to treat chronic pain, he or she may refer you a pain specialist. Physical therapy also might be helpful. I wish you all the best with this!  Good for you for taking control of the situation and heading to the gym! Taking that first step is always the hardest. It's very frustrating when you don't see immediate results -- or, in fact, see results that are the opposite of what you expected. What you need to realize is it's going to take some time for your body to adjust to this new exercise routine. One week is not enough time for your body to adapt. Right now, your body is kind of going "what the heck is this all about??" Once your body gets used to all this new activity, it will start behaving like a well-oiled machine. That's when you'll see the pounds start to come off. Hang in there and be patient. There's no set timetable for how pounds come off. Also, be aware if you created a line graph of weight loss in most people, it would look like a gentle wave. Most people lose a little, gain a little back, lose a little more. This is perfectly normal. Also, going from no exercise to 1.5 hours a day is a very abrupt change. You might want to check with your health care provider to make sure this is safe for you and your heart. Wishing you all the best!  I would recommend you consult your doctor about this. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates surgical mesh as a medical device. They track reports of complications from surgical mesh, and pain is a known complication from hernia repair mesh. Some types of mesh used in hernia repairs were recalled some years ago. Your health care provider may be able to give you more information about that. Mainly, you want to have this looked at to make sure you haven't had a recurrence of hernia, which also is a known complication of hernia repair, with or without mesh. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Sinus pain can feel so miserable! is an inflammation (swelling) of the tissue that lines the .This swelling of the tissue can cause the cavities to fill with fluid, which causes pressure and pain (and sometimes an infection). Sinusitis can be caused by allergies, nasal polyps, a deviated septum, or even smoke in the environment. I hope your doctor has examined you to see if you have . While polyps aren't extremely common in 14 year olds, they're not unheard of. If you have not been examined for polyps, you might ask your parents to get you an appointment with an ear-nose-throat doctor for an exam. Meanwhile, there are some things you can try at home to relieve your symptoms, including: Using a vaporizer (warm mist) in your bedroom (be sure to clean it regularly because these devices can sometimes grow mold) Inhaling steam, such as from a pan of hot (not boiling) water Warm compresses (wash rag soaked in very warm water) laid across the eyes/bridge of the nose Saline nose drops (available over the counter) If there is a smoker in your household, this could be a cause of your symptoms. If possible, spend as much time as you can in a smoke-free environment. Because pets and other allergies can make sinusitis symptoms worse, try to keep your bedroom pet-free and make sure to vacuum or mop and dust regularly. I hope one or more of these tips brings you some relief!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. A torn rotator cuff can be very painful to live with! I suggest you have a good, long conversation with your surgeon about your concerns regarding . It's not uncommon for a person to have second thoughts about undergoing surgery or to think of questions they wish they'd asked at the initial consultation. A good surgeon will want to make sure you're completely comfortable with your decision to have surgery -- or not. And, remember, it IS decision. I recommend you make the decision hand-in-hand with your doctor because he or she has the medical expertise to guide you in your decision-making process. You can always request to be re-assessed to see if surgery still makes sense in your situation. Not all torn rotator cuffs are treated with surgery. That said, if surgery is recommended, your surgeon can explain how your sickle cell anemia may affect the healing process, and what things he or she plans to do to reduce any chances of complications. Wishing you well!  Well, this is an excellent question for the medical provider who ordered the X-ray. If the X-ray confirmed a fracture of the patella (kneecap), then your health care provider should have given you care and/or treatment instructions. Unfortunately, this isn't a question we can answer in a forum like this. Your health care provider will outline all of your treatment options (perhaps including surgery) and you, as an informed patient, will ask about the risks and benefits of each option in order to make a decision that works for you. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I can certainly understand your wanting a more permanent solution to the problem after dealing with the support hose for five years. Certainly, there are to treat . I'm not sure why your health care provider didn't recommend any of them when you were first diagnosed. After five years, you may feel free to return to your provider and ask about more permanent options for your condition. There may be a very good reason why you weren't offered surgery, to begin with. Maybe it wasn't feasible for some reason. But surgical techniques change, and patients change. Maybe today you're a better candidate for surgery than you were five years ago. The only way to find out is to see a medical professional. You can start with your primary care provider or go directly to a physician who specializes in varicose vein treatments. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Have any of your medical providers done an X-ray of your abdomen? If not, I suggest you contact your primary health care provider and request one. Tell him or her you just want to make sure you're not walking around with a retained instrument or sponge. An X-ray is a cheap, fast way to make sure the surgeons left nothing behind by accident. If you've already had an X-ray to confirm there are no foreign bodies in your abdomen, then I'd suggest you consult a different doctor for a second opinion on what could be causing this pain. It seems like pain this severe should be attributable to some cause. I'd suggest you press your health care providers to find a cause for this pain. Wishing you all the best!  This is an interesting question. A blood test is not how yeast infection is diagnosed. Normally, a vaginal swab is taken and tested. Sometimes, health care providers diagnose a yeast infection simply based on history (recently took antibiotics) with a verbal report of symptoms ("now I have a vaginal discharge with itching"). A urine test also would not detect a vaginal yeast infection. Thus, I'd recommend you return to your health care provider for an examination. Genital blisters are not a normal feature of a yeast infection, but they can be a sign of a sexually transmitted disease. You deserve to find out exactly what's going on down there! Wishing you all the best!  What you're describing sounds like typical positioning for the laparascopic oopherectomy. As a former surgical nurse, I helped position plenty of patients as you describe. I can't think of any reason why this positioning would aggravate your cervical spine or cause back spasms because the downward gravitational force on the spine while in the lithotomy position with Trendelenburg (with the feet elevated 15-30 degrees) is lower than the force on the spine when walking, for example. Certainly, if your surgeon, anesthesiologist, or circulating RN thought the positioning would aggravate your spine issues, they would not have done it. In the operating room, we take positioning extremely seriously are very careful regarding these issues. So sorry to hear you're dealing with the back issues and hope you can get yourself fixed up soon!  That's a good (and very reasonable) question. I suggest you call your surgeon's office and ask the nurse or PA. Generally, whenever someone has scalp incisions, we recommend they wait until the incisions are fully healed, staples/sutures removed, and so on before they apply any hair color. You want to make sure you don't have any openings in the skin when you apply the colorant because this could be irritating or lead to infection. So, again, best bet is to call your surgeon's office and ask. They can give you specific information. Glad to hear you survived the brain aneurysm!  This is a question you need to ask your doctor prior to the procedure. Every doctor has different post-operative instructions, so you should find out in advance what your restrictions will be. Many doctors want varicose vein patients to keep their legs elevated for at least a couple of days post-surgery. Some doctors want their patients walking every hour, while others do not. This is why you need to find out what your doctor recommends. The issue with taking a long car ride soon after surgery is the risk of developing a blood clot or . Only your doctor can tell you if it's OK for you to take that car trip or not. Best wishes to you!  Use cold, spirituous pledgets on swelling skin, tissues. But keep wound sterile bandaged.  I would say you need to. The faster the better. I have the same thing and I know I don't feel good at all.  I had this done and it didn't work and now I'm stuck with it in my body . I had it shut off because nothing was happening taking meds too. I got arthritis in my neck and can't get in an MRI done to see exactly what's wrong with my back to fix it it and now my legs are going out and I'm still screwed . They can"t get it out after 12 years with the calcium built around the vagel nerve. and that nerve deals a lot in your body. DON'T GET IT DONE DONE !!!  Why not call your oral surgeon and ask him?  I've had mine removed just over 2 years ago, and still have problems with mostly eating certain foods. Nothing to heavy, and definitely no oils. Laying on my side, opposite of where the gallbladder was, still makes an uncomfortable feeling as well. No tight clothes either, that doesn't help. Dr says that some people are just more sensitive than others. My mom had hers removed 4 years ago and no problems at all.  Patient should wake up as early as the effect of anaesthesia gone, however it also varies from patient to patient. You should have some knowledge about the thyroid gland and important hormone produced by it, you can find such info on this blog, where at bottom you will find the image take you to the information, http://healthisalwaysfirst.blogspot.ca/  Carrie,  until acute symtpoms occur  NO YOU SHOULD IT DOSENT HURT THEY WILL MAKE A SMALL HOLE AND IT WILL BE SMALL  Tonya,  It can, yes.  If your surgery is not an emergency procedure, I suggest you discuss this with your surgeon, being very honest and clear about your addiction. Important tools include honest communication with the pain management team; alternatives including local anesthesia; Toradol for pain; the quick and effective use of opiates and their monitored withdrawal  the key word here is monitored. Monitored by family, monitored by primary care, monitored by nursing and by the pain management people is critical. Indeed your addiction could be reignited with a vengeance so all precautions must be taken. This can be done. There are alternatives that may be used for your post-op pain; you just need knowledgeable support in dealing with that.  People with 		 multiple sclerosis (MS) who have severe 		 tremor (shakiness) affecting movement may be helped by 		 surgery. People with severe 		 spasticity (muscle stiffness) may be helped by 		 insertion of a spinal pump to deliver medications when oral medications 		 fail. Surgery options include: Deep brain stimulation for tremor. 				Severe and disabling tremor that occurs with the slightest movement of the 				limbs may be helped by an implanted device that stimulates an area of the 				brain. A 				 neurological surgeon performs the surgery to implant 				the device. Implantation of a drug catheter or pump, for 				spasticity. People who have severe pain or spasticity may benefit from having a 				catheter or pump placed in the lower spinal area to deliver a constant flow of 				medication, such as baclofen ( Lioresal ). Deep brain stimulation usually 			 is a last resort after all other options have been tried without success to 			 treat MS symptoms. Only people with severe tremor are candidates.  There has been much discussion about the low absorption of medications after gastric bypass surgery. In your case, the absorption should not be affected. However, we are more concerned about side effects from medications that can hurt your system after this serious procedure. Pain medications have been used after gastric bypass surgery, although sparingly. It is important to remember that Vicodin (hydrocodone and acetaminophen) can cause constipation. We do not want to further increase your risk of discomfort. So minimal use of pain medication, with or without a stool softener, is advised. The important key is to weigh the risks and benefits. We do not want you to be in pain, but we also dont want to over medicate or cause too many side effects. With proper rest and healing time, pain medications may not have to be used at all. Follow the advice and instructions you received from your surgeon.  Your question about whether your cancer will come back is a very common one. It is also a question that is very hard to answer as there are many things that can influence the likelihood that your cancer will or will not return. Most of my patients struggle with this question. It sounds like you are undergoing aggressive treatment...chemoradiation followed by surgery followed by more chemo. Each of these steps is aimed at keeping the cancer from coming back. The radiation/surgery part really tries to target the local area while the chemo after surgery tries to target things that might be in other areas (which is something we never know). Following the advice of your physicians and making sure that you are followed both during and after your treatment are two things that you can do to add to everything else. ...  ... It sounds great that your CEA is not changing and that your colonoscopy looks good. These are exactly the things that we need to follow. You ask a very good question about scans, There is data coming out about the radiation risks associated with scans and it has made us think about how we follow patients. I typically follow patients with scans for some period of time, usually determined by the extent of their tumor. The reason being is that we can detect any new diease early so that we can more easily address it. It sounds as though you have not had a CT scan since your surgery. If that is the case, I think it would be reasonable to get one now that you are nearly 2 years from completing all your therapy. It may be that this is the only one your oncologist will want to do. I would also recommend discussing your fears about radiation with your physician as it may allow the two of you to come up with a plan that is comfortable for your both. ...  ... The type of surgery for stomach cancer varies based on where the cancer is located and how extensive it is. Sometimes the surgeon can remove part of the stomach (partial gastrectomy) and sometimes the surgeon needs to remove all of the stomach (total gastrectomy). In either case, there is really not a patch or a transplant that is available (at least to my knowledge). After a stomach surgery, there is a recovery time during which patients learn to eat with their "new" digestive system. Some patients have more trouble than others but most learn to deal with the changes. ...  You need suppositories and a laxative- not softener. Good luck  I had the osteotomy 10 years ago, was the worst surgery ever and I have had a lot of surgeries! I thought for sure they had amputated my leg. I am now having a total knee replacement done next month because on am bone on bone and the arthritis is horrible, I can barely hobble around. I have had a partial knee replacement on the other leg and it was a huge success. Also I had major back surgery 11 months ago and the limping about with my knee has hindered my recovery with the my back. This surgery will be much longer than normal because of the removal of steel plates and screws. I would recommend the total knee replacement, stay away from osteotomy, wish I had better options for me all those years ago. Good Luck!   Its possible that the penis pain youre experiencing may not be related to the back surgery; sometimes things happen coincidentally. However, since you did first notice it post-surgery, bring this up with your doctor and see if there is anything that might account for this. You may also want to check with your urologist and explain what is going on. On a different note, for general penis health, use a quality penis nutrient formula (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) with a range of vitamins, including A, B5 and E.  ED medications usually make a premature ejaculation problem worse. What you need to do is to stay in what I call the "safety zone" of arousal during sex, so you don't accidentally overstimulate your brain with sexual thoughts and feelings, which is what makes you ejaculate early.  They use the same scar so you won't have another scar in that area. Some of the benefits? No new scar to deal with.  The maximum number of open-heart surgeries I have seen is three. With each surgery, there are increasing risks of complications. Hopefully your symptoms can be managed with medications or less invasive interventions. Another idea to possibly consider with your physician is EECP [enhanced external counterpulsation] -- I have had great success with it my patients who have tried it.  How many of these types of procedures have you done? How would you estimate my risk of a complication as compared to other patients? What type of valve replacement or repair do you recommend and why? Where do you plan to obtain grafts (legs, arms, chest wall) for my bypass operation? How soon can I travel after my surgery? When do you anticipate that I can go back to work after surgery? Do you recommend a cardiac rehabilitation program or physical therapy to help speed up my recovery?  Every time I do rounds in the cardiac surgery recovery unit, I am amazed. Room after room of people who, just a few hours previously, had their ribs split, their heart exposed to the circulating air of the operating room, and a human beings hands replacing a heart valve or sewing healthy grafts on diseased coronary arteries. And there they lay, with tubes, drips and ventilators monitoring their every movement and supporting every breath. Even the ones who are awake are groggy, and its not surprising when they fall asleep while Im talking or drift off in the middle of a sentence. This is heart surgery after all. Its the medical equivalent of being hit by a truck. Its a hard thing to grasp when you are signing a consent form, but sometimes being hit by a truck is worth it. Every day, thousands of peoples hearts see more blood flow and oxygen from new blood vessels, and valve replacement -- or repair -- fixes drafts and leaks and enables blood to travel where it needs to without being blocked by an obstruction. While we are able to do a lot of things these days without surgery, the OR still plays a very important role in extending life and improving its quality. One of the greatest concerns people have is post-operative recovery. While it is easier to quantify and estimate the risks related to surgery (or any invasive procedure for that matter), its the time afterward that can be more difficult to predict. For a day or two after surgery, most people experience significant fatigue, but typically, this period is self-limited and once the body really starts to heal, the progression is miraculous. Patients stroll around the wards, days after surgery, with chest tubes, catheters and invasive monitors just a memory from the intensive care unit. We typically discharge cardiac surgery patients on post-operative day five  its a testament to just how resilient the human body can be. But in all fairness, the real recovery then begins at home. We recommend that patients try to walk for twenty or thirty minutes each day, to help regain strength as well as improve lung function after surgery. Its not uncommon for people to feel fatigue for several weeks, or even a month or two after surgery. We arrange for a follow-up visit with our cardiologists as well as the heart surgeon to touch base a few weeks after surgery, examine the incision site to make sure that everything is healing well, and to adjust any medications if necessary. If you are going to have heart surgery, you definitely have questions  here are a few to help frame the discussion with your surgeon and cardiologist: * How many of these types of procedures have you done? * How would you estimate my risk of a complication as compared to other patients? * What type of valve replacement or repair do you recommend and why? * Where do you plan to obtain grafts (legs, arms, chest wall) for my bypass operation? * How soon can I travel after my surgery? * When do you anticipate that I can go back to work after surgery? * Do you recommend a cardiac rehabilitation program or physical therapy to help speed up my recovery? Its a long road, and not without its frustrations and challenges along the way. But it takes people where they want to be  and where they need to be in many cases. The surgeon and cardiologist are only part of the process  in my opinion the majority of the healing lies within the patients themselves.  Doctors sometimes perform nuclear stress tests because the images that are required as part of the test are generally believed to be more diagnostic of coronary disease than the ECG findings on their own. Many times, people with normal images will be considered to have a low risk test, even in the presence of an abnormal ECG. But it's important to discuss your own situation with your physician.  Many genital plastic surgery techniques are based upon GYN surgical procedures used for medical problems such as reconstruction after cancer treatment, gender change, repair of cystocele/rectocele, etc. Unfortunately, there are few good studies showing benefit where there is no overt medical problem. ... The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists has noted the lack of both safety and effectiveness data for genital plastic surgery. The possible complications for such surgery might include: infection, changes in sensation, pain with intercourse, and scar tissue. One GYN who has been performing genital plastic surgery for a number of years concluded that agreed-upon terminology and training standards are still lacking.  According to the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology: "Pessaries can be fitted in most women with prolapse, regardless of prolapse stage or site of predominant prolapse." A pessary is a doughnut shaped device which can be made of various materials. There are also pessaries shaped like a cube and similar to a shoe horn. If one has ever used a diaphragm for birth control, inserting and removing a pessary may seem familiar. Like a diaphragm, a pessary should be fit by a gynecologist as they come in different sizes. Kegel exercises have been recommended for pelvic organ prolapse but, unlike urinary stress incontinence, there are few large studies demonstrating the effectiveness of Kegels. According to one recent study of 48 women, pelvic floor exercise/Kegels significantly improved symptoms of prolapse. Kegels may not be as successful as they are with urinary incontinence for once the attachment ligaments are damaged, strengthening the pelvic muscles may not fix the prolapse.  If one has a prolapse of the uterus, hysterectomy may be suggested. Care is taken to refasten the top of the vaginal canal to other structures so it does not droop down after the hysterectomy. If the prolapse is coming from the top or "roof "of the vagina, pelvic fascia tissue can be used to bridge the weak area. If the prolapse is coming from the lower or "floor" of the vagina (causing a bulging of the rectum into the vaginal canal), the rectal muscles can be used to close the defect. More recently, synthetic mesh has been used to support the weakened areas. Mesh has been used extensively for repair of abdominal hernias. ... The primary concern for mesh is that long-term follow up in large numbers of pelvic organ prolapse women is lacking. ... By October of 2008, the FDA released a notification to gynecological surgeons relating adverse events connected to mesh use as reported by manufacturers of different types of mesh. Some of these unwanted events included erosion, infection, and pain.... In one study of 2,460 of women in their 50s, about 3% of women reported having surgery for pelvic organ prolapse. Further, women who had such symptoms of prolapse as problems having a bowel movement or urinating and abdominal pain reported a much lower quality of life than other women. In one very large study, 85% of women considered themselves "much better" when compared to before their surgery. Bottom line, surgery of some type can be very helpful if a woman has symptoms from her prolapse.  The FDA recommends the following to women who are planning, or have had, mesh surgery for prolapse: Before surgery: Be aware of risks associated with POP repair using a vaginal incision Understand that a surgery with mesh might require additional surgery to correct mesh problemsand that in a few cases even repeat surgery may not cure the problem. Ask your doctor about other POP treatment options. If they recommend mesh, have a clear understanding of why this is the preferred option. Continue with routine check ups Notify their doctors if they begin to have persisting vaginal bleeding/discharge, pelvic or groin pain, or pain with sex. Let your doctor know you have mesh. This is especially important if you are planning to have another abdominal/pelvic surgery. If you are unsure if mesh was used , ask your surgeon if you had a mesh placed during your POP repair For a concise overview of the FDAs concerns, and other links to more in depth information you can go to the FDA website .  No there is no guarantee the pain will go away. Most people that have undergone back surgery will continue to have pain all their life. It will help, but the pain will probably continue. The degree of pain will depend on how invasive the surgery is and how much damage has been done prior to having surgery  Write down all your concerns with both and take to your doctor. Make sure he or she takes the time to carefully explain the pros and cons of each. Ask lots of questions. When you go, be prepared, (that's why I suggested writing it down), it is so easy to think of them when you are home then when you are in the exam room, you will often forget to ask something you really wanted to know. No matter how rushed the doctor seems to be, take your time and make him or her take their time with explaining it all to you. It is a big step and a big decision and you want to do what is best for you  There are four phases to a diet after having gastric bypass surgery. Phase 1 is a liquid diet and can be started 1 to 2 days after surgery. Phase 2 is pureed foods and this can be started a few days after starting phase one. Phase 3 is a soft, solid foods diet and can be started after a few weeks. These foods include ground meats, canned or soft fruits and cooked vegetables. Phase 4 is the solid foods diet where you can gradually return to eating firmer foods. Your doctor or dietitian will guide you through the diet phases above. Three to four months after the surgery, you can start to return to a normal healthy diet. Keep meals small and sip on liquids slowly throughout the day. Each meal should include about a half-cup to a cup of food. Always consult with your doctor before proceeding through the phases.  This question is complicated to answer because the protein requirement change based on age, but here are some recommendations below. The Dietary Reference Intake for protein is calculated using the guideline of 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram body weight which are the recommendations below. Adult men need about 56 grams a day. Adult women need about 46 grams a day. You can also calculate your protein needs based on the percentage of calories a day. The protein should consist of 10% and no more than 35% of calories from protein. Choosing the right kinds of protein will be most important as most adults consume enough grams of protein a day. This link can give you suggestions on foods that contain protein and this link gives the full protein recommendations.  Have you had your neck checked out? I work for a spine surgeon and we see a lot of patients with tingling in arms, hands, and fingers. And the cause is usually cervical radiculopathy, caused by problems in the vertebrea.  yes I've done it  yes    The surgery is because maybe your bones of your foot are moving to an area that when you have it you need to put it back into place by surgery.  It is great that you have had exellent results from your surgical procedures. You are wise to try to get moving and active again. Being fit and active is the best thing that you can do to prevent future problems with your back. However, it is important that you develop a progressive aerobic and strengthening regimen. I would suggest that you contact your surgeon for a referral to a spine physical therapist who can help you get started on your return to exercise. In general, you want to avoid impact type exercises so the elliptical is a reasonable option. You should also avoid any heavy weights, particularly free weights, above your head that will cause compression to the spine. I usually recommend that spine patients use the weight machines that use resistence mechanisms or weights on tracks with pulleys. These are less likey to injury you. You also need to do regular core muscle strengthening. Again a physical therapist can help you get started. Pilates is the commercial exercise course that is most similar to a core strengthening program.  I assume that you have been prescribed a brace since you are recovering from a fusion procedure. If so, it is unlikley that any type of chair would be very harmful for you as long as you are wearing your brace. Some types of furniture that may be helpful to avoid are: ones where your knees have to bend a lot more than 90 degrees for you to get your bottom down to the seat; ones where the cushions are extremely soft causing you to sink down into them; ones that do not have arms that are available to help you get out of the chair; and ones that have a[n] odd angle betwee[n] the seat and the back. Recliners in and of themselves are not inappropriate as long as you enter and exit the recliner with the seat in the upright position and you do not recline excessively. It really is primarily an issue of comfort and unfortunately, 5 days out from a fusion procedure it is hard to be comfortable in any chair. A lot of that has to do with the surgical pain and dissection of the muscles. This will improve exponentially with time  The resume should be created for very well and it must be clear and effective. The resume should be created at more volume for related jobs. The name and your educational qualification are important in resume. The thesis writing guide is more support to prepare that effective.  The resume should be prepared at clear to understand by another quickly. The thesis writing guide should be explain for preparing the resume.  While the da Vinci Robot Assisted Laparoscopic Prostatectomy (RALP) is popular, it is still a major operation and still can be complicated. In general, I am skeptical about RALP and feel that the surgeon's experience is more important than the machine. In fact, open surgery may be less invasive than RALP. In other words, most surgeons who perform RALP do so through multiple abdominal cavity incisions. On the other hand, the open retropubic radical prostatectomy (RRP) is done through a pure retroperitoneal approach, meaning that the incision is very low on the abdomen-below the naval (belly button) and the operation stays out of the abdomial cavity where the intestines are located. For someone with ulcerative colitis, there would be a possible advantage to the open surgery if you have had prior abdominal surgery because the RALP would go into the abdominal cavity (with most surgeons) and might cause more complications. You should consider consulting with both a RALP and an open surgeon.  It is normal for it to take a good 2-3 weeks before kids are back to normal after. Was he on a prescription that was stopped? My sister just had hers out a month ago and she did really well the first few days and then went down hill a little. I also had mine out when I was young and I did the same as her. The bright side is that your son will be much healthier without them and children recover a thousand times faster than adults!  There is always a risk with anesthesia, however the chances of things going wrong are slim for healthy children. Children of young ages get anesthesia every day for procedures like this one. I myself had it when I was just 6 months old and again at 7 years old for surgeries and all went perfect! It sounds like it would be a good idea to get it removed, especially since the surgeon is reassuring that there is a very slim chance of things going wrong,  My sister had to take the same thing for a surgery and her doctor told us to only give her the prescription and nothing with it.  http://www.transplantliving.org/living-donation/about-the-operation/liver/ :)  My husband underwent two hernia surgeries a few years apart. He experienced different levels of pain post surgery each time. Some of the pain did extend beyond 6 weeks. Most surgeons will suggest your pain will last 6 weeks and expect your body to follow protocol. However, each person is unique and so is their healing process as well as pain tolerance. In the case of hernia surgery specifically, if you had mesh inserted, you may experience both healing pain as well as pain and/or discomfort from your body assimilating the mesh. I am not a medical professional but my opinion is that if your pain is accompanied by fever you need to call your physician. Also, only you can determine if the level of pain you are experiencing is intolerable in which case, again, I would recommend a call to your doctor.  Such pain can be caused by problems in either Liver or Gall Bladder or Colon (Ascending) or less frequently stomch/ duodenum . Any other associated complaints and area of tenderness will help in diagnosis. For firm diagnosis, please get a USG (sonography) done of upper abdomen, which ehlp in diagnosing.  Many men face some dribbling at different levels after prostate surgery. Using condoms can be helpful for two reasons. It may help prolong erections as well as catch any unwanted leakage. Some men find doing the Kegal exercises helpful. These are the muscles you use to stop your stream during urination. Squeeze and hold these muscles ten times to make a set. Perform one set three times a day at least 4 times a week. This may help reduce some of the leakage. It will take several weeks to strengthen these muscles. If your symptoms do not improve or you are not satisfied using the condoms there are some alternatives that an urologist may be able to offer.  There is no evidence that PRP can heal a torn meniscus. I'ts very difficult to answer whether you need surgery for your meniscus without a description of your symptoms and MRI findings. In some cases the symtpoms associated with a torn meniscus go away over time leading some people to believe the meniscus healed itself.  Median nerves symptoms can be caused by problems from the neck all the way down to the hand. In some cases there are problems with the nerve itself, and with the mylien covering. You really need a more complete workup to determine the cause of your median nerve neuropathy rather than at face value assume its a problem with the carpal tunnel. Some patients due require re-release of the carpal tunnel, or local flap to cover the median nerve depending on the problem if the workup reveals the cause of your symtpoms localize to the carpal tunnel region.  I don't know enough about your activity level. Surgery is usually recommended in people young to mid age, those wanting to lead a more aggressive or active lifestyle, and those who continue to experience symptoms of instability. These criteria usually emcompass most people.  I have had these banded and stapled.  I had mine out years ago. It's an easy procedure these days.....don't wait....the pain gets worse and the very micro stones that I had went down into my liver and I was not in good shape. Don't put it off..find a surgeon!  A mother of two, Heather is a 35-year old woman with cervical cancer unable to pay for a life-saving surgery. What is so harrowing about Heathers circumstance, aside from her illness, is that she has health insurance. However, like so many Americans, her plan does not adequately cover her medical needs. But there is a bright spot: As bleak as Heathers circumstances seem, there are options available to her. And, if you or someone you know is sick and in need of medical care, there are resources out there for you as well. Here are a few: Look First to Your Insurer Start simple: Make sure youre operating within the guidelines of your insurance plan. Would a hospital and surgeon that are in your insurers network change your ability to afford surgery? Staying in-network typically makes a huge difference in your out-of-pocket costs. You may also need to appeal your insurers decision to deny care. Effective September 23, all health plans (except those with grandfathered status) must make an internal and external review of your case available to you. If you need treatment and your insurer wont pay, appeal the denial. Finally, if you need surgery, as Heather says she does, hospitals often offer financial assistance for people with low income. Be sure to ask. Programs in Your State Heather mentioned being too young to qualify for an Idaho-based program called Womens Health Check, which is part of the National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Diagnosis and Treatment program. This program provides breast and cervical cancer screening and diagnostic services to low-income and uninsured women. While services are primarily made available to women between the ages of 40 and 65, the Womens Health Check program in Idaho does allow for limited enrollment for women age 30-49 who have confirmed suspicious symptoms of breast cancer or cervical cancer. Heather, go back and inquire again about qualifying for this program. It sounds like you may be eligible. Regardless of where you live, you can find your local National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program by going to the CDCs website and clicking on the picture of your state. Its also important to note that even if you make too much money to qualify for Medicaid, many states have a Medicaid spend-down option, which allows people to subtract medical bills from their income in order to qualify. More Resources CoverageforAll.org is a great resource offered by the Foundation for Health Coverage Education (FHCE), and is an effective way to search for insurance options around the country in one convenient place. Go to the organizations eligibility quiz, which will help you identify program information tailored to your specific needs, along with associated costs, a sign-up check list and links to every program available in your state. And at benefits.gov you can search for all of the government programs for which you may be eligible. You can also speak with someone by phone at: 800-FED-INFO.  If you have health insurance coverage through an employer -- yours or your husband's -- you don't need to buy another plan because of Obamacare. You're covered.  Because benefits and cost-sharing arrangements vary greatly from one plan to another, the only way for you to find out how much the surgery will cost is to first check with your insurer.  Assuming the surgery is deemed medically necessary for your condition, this would be a covered service under Medicare.  It sounds like this is a medical, rather than a dental issue even though the pain may be in your mouth. If that's the case, Medicare should cover the cost of treatment. I would contact Blue Cross and Blue Shield directly to discuss your situation and to see what steps you need to take to get the care you need covered through your Medicare benefits.  Yes. Medicare generally covers surgery to repair the function of the eyes, including cataract surgery.  Whether or not health plans sold through the state health insurance marketplaces cover bariatric surgery will depend on the state -- some will, and some won't. You can see what's happening where you live on the WebMD Health Reform . There, you may find specific information about what health plans will be required to cover.  It sounds as though you might qualify for Medi-Cal, California's Medicaid program. If you're not already enrolled, I would recommend you contact the California Department of Health Care Services. You can talk with someone who can help you with the application, and assist you in sorting through your various options.  Absolutely not. The law has expanded Medicare benefits, not eliminated them. Cataract surgery is still covered by Medicare and will continue to be as long as it considered medically necessary.  Prices vary greatly. But you can get an idea of a "fair" price for the particular surgery you need in your zip code by looking it up at Fair Health. Here's the cost lookup tool: http://fairhealthconsumer.org/.  When it comes to an insurer's decision to pay for any procedure the main issue is always whether it's considered medically necessary. While breast augmentation for the sake of vanity is not a covered service, generally, if a procedure is necessary to repair or preserve the healthy functioning of the body, it's likely to be medically necessary.  I can't tell you the chances of you being pregnant as it is different for every person; however, traces of semen are often present in that stuff that leaks out before he ejaculates often called "pre-cum". While you don't have one of your ovaries, you still have the other one. Assuming everything is normal with that one, there is a possibility of you being pregnant. If you are going to engage in any type of sexual activity where his penis comes into contact with your vagina, please practice safe sex and use a condom and/or get on birth control.  for me it God, not just church but having a deep relationship, and allowing him to help me though my day to day life, the bible says cast all your cares to Him. Along with that, sometimes worrying about the panic attacks can bring one on... and take time for yourself. shut the phones off shut the door take deep breathes and just sit. it is def. something that plagues my family my husband suffers from anxiety and it controls everything around us.. if one hit thats it no noise no lights and dont go in the room or speak to him for the rest of the day and sometimes the next. he keeps his medicine with hime at all times and finds that just knowing that he has it helps him to remain calm.. and maybe speak to your dr about lorazepam in a low doseage, it is a quick dissolve fast acting anxiety relief, coupled with your medicine that your already on taking it when you feel the warning signs of an attack might help.  A blood test can check for antibodies to the chickenpox virus (varicella virus). The presence of antibodies means you've had chickenpox or have been vaccinated for chickenpox in the past.  I had a total knee replacement in March of 2010 and I too, had some swelling it will go away with lots of Physical therapy, exercise and lots of ice.  you should really have no swelling. Take it easy and no heavy lifting for any reason. Get plenty of rest and a well balanced diet. If it does not seem it go down than I would go see my dr.  At your age darlin, I would say NO. Have your parents take you to a foot specialist and possibly have special orthopedic shoes made. Good luck!~ God Bless  There are no reasons you could not take Chantix while preparing for surgery. Talk to your health-care professional to see if Chantix is the right choice to help you quit smoking. There are many options that can help. The trick is finding the one that will work for you.  First, check with his physicians who have been treating him since February and get their OK to start exercising. Also ask the docter who is treating his heart if he has any restrictions on lifts/exercises that use his arms or chest. Generally, patients are not allowed to lift more than 5 pounds after pacemaker insertion for the first several weeks. Also, when you talk to his physicians ask about physical therapy or cardiac rehab. Due to his extensive list of injuries and illnesses in the past few months a medically managed program might be a better option than home exercise. I have pasted some links below that describe what cardiac rehab consists of: http:// http:// After you have gotten all of his physicians clearance to start exercising, begin with just a few exercises and increase the time he exercises slowly. For example, 1. 3 times a day have him walk for five minutes around the house. If he is having balance issues make sure he uses a cane or walker (if one has been prescribed). If not walk with him and give assistance as needed. 2. 1 time a day, do the sit to stand exercise. Have him sit in a chair and stand up, then sit back down. To increase the intensity you can choose a chair that siits lower to the ground or have him not use his arms. If getting out of a chair is a problem, decrease the depth by placing a couple of telephone books in the seat of the chair. 3.1 time a day, do a hip flexion exercise. Sitting in a chair, have him lift his knee and thigh upward about 6 inches. To increase the intensity put a handweight or heavy item on his thigh. 4. Start the sit to stands and hip flexion exercise with 1 set of 5 repetitions and slowly increase both to 3 sets of 10 repetitons. Meaning have him perform 10 repetitions, rest, then perform 10 more, then rest again, and perform 10 more. I know this doesn't sound like much but it's a great place to start. The walking will increase his endurance and the 2 strengthening exerices will make it easier for him to get up out of bed and from a chair. Look for resources in the community. Is there a silver sneakers program in your town or any programs designed exclusively for individuals in his age group? Besides the benefits of exercise they also provide a great social outlet.  ANSAIDS are bad for your esophagus over a long period of time. I have been there and know first hand. They will cause you to eventually have to have a surgery called "Nissen Fundolacation." (where your erosion has to be repaired)  I highly recommend you go for follow up. If you can't go to the doctor who did your surgery, then find another bariatric surgeon that can follow you.   What is most concerning is that you don't check your blood sugars often. It's possible that an infection could increase your sugars, but you need to stay on top of it. I suggest making an appointment with your doctor to get lab work done including an hemoglobin A1C. This will give you an idea of what your average blood sugars have been over the past few months. Then, you'll want to be more vigilant with diet and checking your blood sugar. Anyone who has had gastric bypass should receive regular follow up (yearly) to deal with the challenges of maintaining weight loss and checking for deficiencies such as vitamin B12, iron and vitamin D. I would make an appointment with you gastric bypass doctor for follow up if you haven't already. Take care of yourself!  First off, congratulations on your weight loss! I think you have a couple of choices right now. You can focus on maintaining your weight with healthy habits, instead of losing, as you deal with your back issues and surgery. In order to lose weight, you will need to lower the calories you take in to make up for the lack of activity. It's best to do this with professional help such as a registered dietitian or through a medically supervised program. I don't know how much weight you have to lose, the calories you've been taking in, or the state of your health which are all factors to take under consideration. I think the first choice makes the most sense because lowering your calories without exercise can slow down your metabolism. You can also see a physical therapist to get ideas for exercises you can do. I encourage you not to go back to old eating habits and use this as an opportunity to live a healthy lifestyle without focusing on weight. You may be tempted to eat because of your situation but if you can maintain your weight and learn how to deal with stress in a healthy way, that is true success. And just because you are not losing weight now, doesn't mean you won't be able to in the future. Good luck!  Your best bet is to get follow up either from your doctor who did the surgery or another surgeon. They will check in with your labs, diet and offer suggestions. The bariatric team (consisting of RD, psychologist, RN and surgeon) can weigh in on whether or not another surgery is necessary. An important part of the follow up will be for the surgeon can check to see if there are any problems with your original surgery etc.  The best thing to do if you are serious about weight loss surgery is to visit a bariatric surgeon's office. These clinics have a team of people including the surgeon, dietitian, psychologist and nurse. The doctor can inform you if he things you are a candidate from a safety perspective and sometimes insurance requires a 6-month program first. These professionals are experienced in helping people like you make the right decision.  The best thing to do is see a registered dietitian who can take your mother's dietary restrictions, food preferences and nutritional needs into account. While some online services might provide some guidelines, it does not replace a health professional with the knowledge and the ability to personalize information. Go to eatright.org to find a registered dietitian in your area. Good luck!  In some people who have had gastric bypass surgery, sources of sugar tend to cause dumping syndrome, but that doesn't seem to be the case for you. It's true that some foods are easier to eat than others after surgery, but the more often you eat wholesome foods such as vegetables, grains and lean meats, the easier they are to eat. This isn't just about weight but health. You have a small stomach now and not all of the nutrients you take in are absorbed. You need to choose food that is nutrient dense and make every bite count. That doesn't mean you can't eat any sweets, but eat them less often than other more nutritious foods. Take note of how you feel after eating? Which foods fuel you to be active and life a full life? I think you will find that whole foods that are more nutritious, satisfying and nurturing. You just have to give your body time to adapt to them, instead of the easy foods that aren't doing you much good. Good luck!  Assuming you were fertile before the surgery, yes. In standard gastric bypass surgery, the surgeon makes an incision in the belly and cuts out most of the stomach. A portion of the small intestine is also cut and reattached to the new small stomach. All this cutting takes place well away from the reproductive organs (ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, and vagina). Direct damage to these organs is extremely unlikely, and infertility is not considered to be a risk of weight loss surgery. On the contrary, experts suspect that fertility sometimes goes up after gastric bypass surgery. Theres no proof that gastric bypass surgery directly increases fertility, but its known that weight loss in general improves fertility. Women are usually counseled to avoid pregnancy for a year or more after gastric bypass surgery to achieve maximum weight loss. The delay also allows time to correct any nutritional deficiencies that occur after the surgery. Women who get pregnant after gastric bypass surgery usually have healthy pregnancies and deliver healthy babies. Their rates of pregnancy complications may be lower than severely obese women who have not had weight loss surgery.  Some of the risks associated with epilepsy surgery are related to the presurgical evaluation. Some of the tests performed require the use of contrast material that might result in severe allergic reactions. Implanting electrodes in the brain or placing electrodes on the surface of the brain for continuous monitoring requires surgical procedures that are not very complicated but may be associated with bleeding or infections. Many tests, as well as surgical procedures, require the use of heavy sedation or general anesthesia. General anesthesia has a very small risk of death. There are several risks inherent to the surgery, for example, bleeding inside the brain. Bleeding inside the brain might result in additional brain damage, and the accumulation of blood might increase the pressure inside the cranium, resulting in severe complications, including death. Also, the operation may be complicated by infections that can result in meningitis. A later complication of these events could be the development of hydrocephalus, which may require another surgical procedure. Resective surgery implies the removal of a piece of the brain that in some instances could be as much as the whole hemisphere. This resective surgery may aggravate prior functional deficits or may result in new ones. These complications may occur even after very careful evaluation. The range of complications varies with the extent of the surgery and the area removed. For example: Operations near the motor areas might result in paralysis or weakness in the arms or legs, or loss of fine motor coordination in the hands. Operations near the language areas might result in language disorders. Operations near the cortical visual areas might result in visual deficits. In the particular case of the callosotomy, since there is some degree of disconnection between the right and the left sides of the brain, besides the complications already mentioned, some annoying subtle deficiencies may be experienced. For example, some patients may be able to identify, by visual recognition, objects presented to one side of the brain, but might not be able to name them because the memory of the name is in the other side of the brain. In general there are fewer complications with callosotomies than with resective surgery. As is the case with all surgeries, there is always the risk of failure. In the case of epilepsy surgery, this means recurrence of the epileptic seizures after the operation. Depending upon the type of pre-existing lesion, the failure rate may be as high as 50%. However, even in these cases, the seizures may be easily controlled with medications after the surgery. In general there are very few complications observed after surgery. Approximately 3% of children who have had epilepsy surgery experience complications, and less than 1 % have neurological complications. Mortality (death) is very rare. There is plasticity in the brain of young children, mostly up to the age of seven to nine years. The plasticity helps in the recovery of deficits that can be the result of surgery. For example, in children whose language areas were affected by the surgery there is remarkable recovery of language functions. Therefore, young children with intractable seizures who are candidates for surgery are much better off when the surgery is done sooner rather than later.  If you have recently had surgery and are having these symptoms, then you should contact you surgeon right away. He or she will be able to tell you if these symptoms are to be expected in your particular case.  I was told yes that it's normal for a couple days after gallbladder removal  Im a big advocate of weight loss surgery for people who qualify; they either have a BMI over 40 or a BMI over 35 with a related medical problem. It's a last resort, but it's very effective. Still, I think most people would rather try a strategy focused on healthier eating and increased exercise first.  I imagine you are talking about a condition called pneumothorax. The lung isn't literally exploding but a hole forms in the lung and in the lining of the lung. Air can then escape out into the area surrounding the lung. The problem is this air outside the lungs puts pressure on the lungs. The lungs then can't expand and fill with oxygen. That can make getting enough oxygen in the body very difficult. When people are on a ventilator, the machine is pushing air into the lungs, so the chance of this happening is always higher. That's because of the pressure that can build up in the lungs. While the respiratory therapist and the doctors adjust the machine to keep the pressures down as much as possible, this can still happen. The longer someone is on a ventilator, the more likely problems such as this are likely to occur.  When Mirena becomes embedded, it may no longer prevent pregnancy. So yes, it's possible. You should give your doctor a call to see if you're pregnant or if something else is going on.  There is no specific recommendation against having the flu shot before surgery. The virus in the flu shot is dead and cannot cause the flu. However, some people can feel a little achy after the flu shot and you might not want this on top of dealing with recovery from the surgery. I would ask your doctor what he/she thinks since I am not fully aware of your health and how critical it is that you get the flu shot -- meaning if you have any risks factors that make getting the flu shot as early as possible particularly important.  It sounds like this may have happened when they removed the tape. It should go away after a few days. If it doesn't, let your doctor know.  This is something you should definitely talk to your doctor about. Some doctors do recommend that their patients not drink alcohol after gastric bypass surgery. That's because it appears your body may metabolize alcohol differently and that alcohol may actually get into your system more quickly. In addition, a recent study showed a link between gastric bypass surgery and alcohol problems after surgery. That doesn't mean the surgery will make you an alcoholic. We don't fully understand the link at this point but it's something to be aware of. Here's more information about that study http://www.webmd.com/diet/weight-loss-surgery/news/20120618/after-bariatric-surgery-alcohol-abuse-more-likely  After gastric sleeve weight loss surgery, it's very important to get enough protein to help with healing and recovery. This is something you should ask your doctor as everyone is different. In general, most people need about 60 to 75 grams of protein a day. Protein is important for long-term weight maintenance as well since it helps you feel full longer. Due to malnutrition after weight loss surgery, some people may also lose some hair. Protein can help with that as well. But again, you should ask your doctor how much is right for you and also to get suggestions on the type of protein since it's important to get "complete proteins." That means all the amino acids that help make up protein in the body. Meats are complete proteins but most non-meat proteins are not. But if you combine certain proteins, such as rice and beans, you can get all the amino acids in one meal.  This could be nutritional and a lack of protein could be contributing. It sounds like the nutritional supplements you are taking contain vitamins and minerals that can help with hair growth. However, after weight loss surgery a lack of protein in the diet can contribute to hair loss. You need to talk to your doctor to determine the best ways for you to get more protein -- and to determine if that might be the cause. You should eat a variety of types of protein, including meat, beans, eggs, rice etc.  I'm really not sure if only having one ovary makes you less fertile, but as long as there have not been any problems since then, you do have a chance of being pregnant. however Pre-cum does contain sperm, wether he ejaculated in you doesn't really matter because of pre cum, sperm do travel and if he was already inside then yes you can be pregnant,not likely but yes. The more you stress on it, it can actually make your period late, just relax, if youre really that worried and dont want to be pregnant (not that im for abortion) but you can take within the first 5 weeks 1500-2500 mg a day of generic (cheap) vitamin C, look for riboflavin on the lable cause you DON'T want that. Vitamin C is water soluble (you pee out what your body doesnt use) so you cant overdose, drink lots of water because it can cause constipation, but within 2-5 days your period should return. So just relax, could be stress.  I have rheumatoid Arthritis. It affects my elbows, wrists, shoulders, hips, and ankles. There are days when I cannot open a can or even walk. I started laying in a tanning bed two or three times a week for 6-12 minutes at a time. This has helped so much. I would recommend talking to your doctor. They can refer you to a specialist that can come up with a treatment plan that best works for you. Physical therapy has help me so much. Hope this helps.  This much I do know ! If the oxygen in any place is lower or higher than normal; most likely will kick in a panic attack ! https://www.google.com/search?q=breathable+oxygen+percentage&rls=com.microsoft:en-us&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&startIndex=&startPage=1&gws_rd=ssl  Sure sounds very probable with a low oxygen content in a room. Humans do well by inhailing 19 - 21 % oxygen. Any more or usually less will kick in a flight or fight syndrome. Wow imagine how the patient feels when there are more lungs sucking up their air and blowing out the carbon dioxide...........whew Look up breathable air content, as far as heat not sure about that.  I respectfully disagree with the previous poster. first off, an mri would be the easiest way to diagnosis a herniated disc. Sometimes if its bad enough it will show up on a ct scan. Secondly, X-rays are kind of a false sense of security. They are only able to tell if you have a fracture. In some small instances it can show the spine being pulled due to muscle spasms or as the previous poster said curvature of the spine. The only way an X-ray can be helpful, is if and only if you go back in 6 weeks and get another set done. it can show if there were a hairline fracture by new bone growth. ( Like any broken bone, it will grow back together in 6 weeks with extra bone present) Going later for the second set of xrays, the bone growth can beinterrupted as arthritis because the body will have bone growth after injury in a year to 16 months( osteophytes) to stabilize the spine. Lastly, if you haven't been diagnosed, I would defer going to a chiropractor. If you are diagnosed with herniated discs, they can't or should not do adjustments on you as they can cause paralysis if they "crack" the wrong way.... Be your health advocate. I tried the surgery route, you trade one pain for another.  Just wanted to give you a bit of hope and ease your mind. I was age 7 when what the E.R. thought was a ruptured appendix actually turned out to be an 8 inch malignant tumor gain green twisted inside my right ovary about to burst. My ovary, tube, tumor, and appendix were removed that day. The dr.'s even told my mother i'd most likely not be able to have kids.... well I am now a 40yr old mother of 4. My first pregnancy was age 20. (Surprise...!) So my twisted ovary was removed and 16 yrs later my other ovary stayed u twisted and normal... I think yours will too... yours was only twisted...Can I ask did the twisting of your ovary cause much pain? Mine did! Asking because i was so young im not sure if it was the tumor or the twisting of my ovary causing my pain.  Hi Yes they can. Good Luck  Hi Then go get help, its not something you can get on line, your in need of medical help, doctor or an ER. Good Luck  Hi IT seems from want your, that you are not alone, there are more with the same symptoms as you. The best advice I could find was go see a lawyer dealing in your cases, so follow this link. The link, http://www.farahandfarah.com/rc-mesh-herniarepairmesh.html Just see how you go with them. Good Luck  Hi Jeep For one thing your not alone, it seems getting penis pain is common after back surgery, for one I would see your doctor, and also try and get in touch with your surgeon who performed the op, just to see what he has to say as to your problem and how it can be stopped. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Aliya,For a start is he getting out for walks or any kind of light exercise, this is a must, for his general health. A good steak would not go amiss, and some pasta a couple of times a week, and not forgetting dairy foods, milk, eggs and cheese, some pulses, cook with good olive oil put olive oil on any salads, get he to take two table spoons of olive oil a day, but virgin olive oil. A glass of red wine would not do him any harm. But keep up with the chicken and fish, also needs good vegetable's and fruit, but he needs these daily. Taken cayenne pepper would be good for his heart also good for prostate health. But its the exercise, he sounds like he needs it. Do hope this helps you and him. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find lots of things to try, exercises, cold water dips, but I think your find the only real way would breast re- augmentation, yes under the knife. Apart from those, I think the expression I'm looking for is that they have gone south, and wont come back. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you may have a cervix prolapse, time for you to get either to you doctor or your gyno, for this you may need an operation. Hope this is of some help. Good Luck  Hi If this is inside you, then its time go back and see your surgeon as he /she should be able to help you best. Good Luck  Hi You need to find a therapist who deals sleep disorders and get counselling of some kind, doing this should get you out of your problem. Not doing this your problem will grow, and this you do not want. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Your doctor or gyno, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Sorry for your problems, but at times like this and the big problem you have. Its time to suck it up and just get in there and have it done. Your next operation could be having it removed. But if your really having troubles with nerves, try seeing a psychiatrist, go through things with him/her, they should be able to help you. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry for your problems, but at times like this and the big problem you have. Its time to suck it up and just get in there and have it done. Your next operation could be having it removed. But if your really having troubles with nerves, try seeing a psychiatrist, go through things with him/her, they should be able to help you. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, This is from WebMD, its the surgery side of a prolapsed bladder. Severe prolapsed bladders that cannot be managed with a pessary usually require surgery to correct them. Prolapsed bladder surgery is usually performed through the vagina, and the goal is to secure the bladder in its correct position. The bladder is repaired with an incision in the vaginal wall. The prolapsed area is closed and the wall is strengthened. Depending on the procedure, surgery can be performed while the woman is under general, regional, or local anesthesia. For smaller surgeries, many women go home the same day of surgery. Various materials have been used to strengthen pelvic weakness associated with prolapsed bladder. The risks of placing mesh through the vagina to repair pelvic organ prolapse may outweigh its benefits, according to the FDA. However, the use of mesh may be appropriate in some situations. A surgeon should explain in detail the risks, benefits, and potential complications of these materials and he or she should explain about the procedure itself before proceeding with the surgery. After surgery, most women can expect to return to a normal level of activity after six weeks. However, surgeons may recommend reducing or eliminating activities that cause straining for up to six months. Do hope this is what you want. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi At 3 weeks you should be OK, but this would depend on you, have you be out walking, as this is a great way to get yourself back to normal, a long with doing some gentle stretching. Now if you had been doing this, twice daily, you would be fit and healthy to go back to work/collage. If not then now is the time to start. Do hope his helps. Good Luck  Hi In that case its RSI, but could be from what your doing to it, this time try a Cortisone injection worked for me, never had a problem since. Good Luck  Hi By fever do you mean sweaty nights, I think your find its a common thing amongst men, and if you read up about it, your find men do sweat more than women. Perhaps your husband is like me, some night you could float me out of the bed, never anything wrong with me, its just the way I'm built, could be the same with your hubby. End of the day we just sweat at nights. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Go have a look round a site called www.franktalk.org its a site for guys with ED and ED problems. Lots of open discussion on all of our problems with ED shots, pills, pumps and implants. But please remember once you get an implant there is no turning back, that's it, take it or leave it. I how a pale on there who wish's he never had it done, and that the clean way to say it. Look you have not said but are you on any meds that's giving you ED, ED is a very bad side effect of lots of drugs, the easy way would be to just google any meds your on, you just put the drug name and follow that with ed side effects. How's your blood? to get good erections we need as we get older very good and clean blood, I worked it out, good erections come from good blood, most of what I take for ED and now in some kind of recovery, if you google things like Garlic, Ginger, Cayenne Pepper Boric Acid, Parsley and Garlic mix, L-arginine, C-caritine your find them all help your blood in some way. Now also look ay DHEA and Tribulus, these will lift you testosterone, libido and energy levels, so these also help, and all this I take daily and have a good sex life. So did you search through all these things? Do hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Do you mean a stent, I always thought once these were in, that was it, they imbed there selves into the walls, and the there for reason. And coming out is not one of them. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi It would be best to direct these questions at his doctor, he's the one who's in charge of his case yes, would be best to let him/her say yes or no. He dose have all the facts and knows the meds he's on. Good Luck  Hi please try a drink as normal, you don't want to get dehydrated. But yes, please seek your doctor for advice or help. Good Luck  Hi It would be best to direct these questions at his doctor, he's the one who's in charge of his case yes, would be best to let him/her say yes or no. He dose have all the facts and knows the meds he's on. Good Luck  Hi This is from John Hopkins, Can herpes be transmitted to other parts of my body? If you have genital herpes or orofacial herpes, you cannot transmit the infection to another part of your body after the initial infection occurs. If you have genital HSV II, you will not get HSV II at another site in your body. The body produces antibodies that protect other parts of your body from infection. However, there are cases where an individual has multiple site infections from the same virus. This is usually acquired at the time of the initial infection. For example, if an individual has oral and genital sex with an infected partner, they can acquire the infection at both sites because they are susceptible at that time. As for your Carpal tunnel, I have had both hands done and yes it will be sore for some time, for now just make sure your not doing to much apart from clenching and flexing, but dont do what I did and fall on it, because that hurts the site, for some time. But just stay clam over your other problem. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Bit late now, but its advised not to have Lasik surgery if you are pregnant, I think you should go see your doctor or obstetrician and seek more advice on which way you should now go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Bit late now, but its advised not to have Lasik surgery if you are pregnant, I think you should go see your doctor or obstetrician and seek more advice on which way you should now go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Your PA is right, the Plavix is a blood thinner so is your caumadin, by doing that you would thin your blood to much. And that you don't want. Good Luck  Hi If you follow this link, you can read that it could be you iron, that's giving you your problem. Hope this helps. good Luck The link http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2882550/  Hi If you do have broken fingers, these do need setting ASAP, I think the ER would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its called a Vesicovaginal fistula: Fistula between the urinary tract and the vagina. The term (vesico) refers to the urinary bladder. It is the most common type of urinary tract fistula. Some small fistulas that are detected early may be treated by catheter drainage. However, since a fistula is an unwanted connection between two organs, the treatment for most fistulas is surgical repair. Now most vaginal fistulas require surgery to close the opening, so I think yours should be as soon as possible, it must be embarrassing for you. Hope this is what you want and helps. Good Luck  Hi, To answer your lead question, Sodium retention causes fluid retention . Fluid retention in turn causes high blood pressure , and can ultimately lead to congestive heart failure. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you think these symptoms are what you have its something called, Pelvic inflammatory disease Although a link is not entirely clear, some evidence suggests BV may increase your risk of developing a condition called pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) . PID involves infection and inflammation (swelling) of the upper female genital tract, including the womb, fallopian tubes and ovaries. Symptoms of PID include: pain around the pelvis or lower abdomen discomfort or pain during sex felt deep inside the pelvis bleeding between periods and after sex If diagnosed at an early stage, PID can usually be treated successfully with a course of antibiotics. However, an estimated one in five women with the condition will become infertile because of severe scarring on the fallopian tubes. It's important to see your GP if you experience any symptoms of PID . Delaying treatment for PID or having repeated episodes of PID can increase your risk of infertility. Is This how it started? Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is a common yet poorly understood condition in which the balance of bacteria inside the vagina becomes disrupted. BV does not usually cause any vaginal soreness or itching, but it often causes unusual vaginal discharge . If you have the condition, your discharge may: develop a strong fishy smell, particularly after sexual intercourse become a white or grey colour become thin and watery BV is not serious for the vast majority of women This info is from the NHS in the UK, but BV its the same around the world. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck  Hi, Try googling the side effects for each of the drugs, or googling with the drug and compartment syndrome, see what come up. Good Luck  Hi OK its like your back to squire one, I mean like when you were a virgin, things have just shrunk a bit. So with the aid of some sex oil, very slowly start again, try masturbating, try a dildo and slowly it will open up again so you can get back to enjoying sex again. But don't worry it happens, try this site you may find some help, www,dodsonandross.com you find all you need to know on there, Dr Betty Dodson is a guru on womens masturbating and how to orgasm, plus a lot more, it you think you still need some more help post Dr Betty, she will come back with a personal answer to you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Are you good at tossing a coin, which would you have sooner had the heart attack with perhaps no survival or the operation you had. Just think you have had seven years on do doubt a healthy life or possible death. Do you want the coin. Good Luck  Hi If you think this was some mistake by the obstetrician, then anything you want to start there, get back to him/her, see what they say, and work from then onwards. Sure they would be only to pleased to undo any mistake they made, or should do. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If its still swollen, then try icing it, by this you sit in a sitz bath with some real icy water with ice cubes for 5 minutes at a time, about 6 times a day, that should see it go down. Was this after sex, next time use extra lubrication. Good Luck  Hi Yes My wife has had this done, 26 years ago its called vein stripping in the UK and she was told to walk 3 miles a day, and did, she did this until she went back for her check-up. So in one way its a healthy operation to have, gets people out walking. Do hope this helps your Mum. Good Luck  Hi Safe side would be 6 weeks, but do take it very easy at first and for the next week, use lots of extra lubrication, this would be best for you. Just let things happen naturally, remember slow and easy. When its time, do enjoy. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Cant see how this has just happened? Your find that hypospadias comes from birth, unless to had the hole with thin skin over it and its burst open, but if this is near the top, I don't think this would stop you both getting pregnant, getting pregnant is all down to timing, day 14 is ovulation day, so you need to have unprotected sex about 4 days before this, reason it take male sperm 3 days to reach the womb, and then lives for 10 days max in the womb, see timing. Day 1 is the first day of her period. Back to your penis, I would see your doctor or uro ASAP and see if there is treatment for it apart from putting a plaster over it. Hope this helps you both. Good Luck PS The gel your on about, is just for lubrication, would not affect your sperm OK If your worried about you sperm as your doctor for a sperm count to be done.  Hi OK no expert but I will see if I can point you the right way, I know that on www.altpenis.com the are some articles on foreskin restoration, not sure if the any adds for them. Also have a look on www.pegym.com you should find some help on there and on www.dodsonandross.com I'm sure there's some more info on there look down the left hand side, or you could post to Dr Betty Dodson, she is bound to have some info poked away somewhere. And try these www.thunderplace.com and www,edguider.com or try asking on www.franktalk.org. Ask on the forums all of these sites have forums, sometimes you will get some good advice from those who have done it. But I have read about this and they say it does work, and guys are very happy with the results. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Yes. could well be the statins doing this to you, go have a very good read on this site, www.spacedoc.com its not a joke site, its for real packed with lots of info, left hand side at the top lots there and the stuff down the right hand side. Now the only thing you can try is just coming off the, may take two weeks to get back to normal, but if by the pains have gone you now know where it come from. Just google natural ways out of high cholesterol, lots of help there as well. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi from what your saying is tablets, well if they work for you and without you getting any accidents, you should be safe, but do read up on the and find out there back ground. As that would be very good for you. Good Luck  Hi from what your saying is tablets, well if they work for you and without you getting any accidents, you should be safe, but do read up on the and find out there back ground. As that would be very good for you. Good Luck  Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Good Luck  Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Good Luck  Hi A very quick research come up with this, just goole this Brandt-Daroff Exercises for BPPV See how you get on, may be the cure you have been looking for. Also have a look at this link its fron the UKs NHS http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Vertigo/Pages/Treatment.aspx Just copy into google to open and read And this won on vertigo, could help you understand your problem. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Vertigo/Pages/Introduction.aspx Again just copy into google to open and read. Do hoped this is helpful. Good Luck  Hi If you can find info on pressure points, you may find it will work for you. This is a way of reducing pains around your body, have seen it done, there were short breaks on TV channel 4 in the UK, it covered this, I think its a Chinese method. Good Luck  Hi OK you have 16 more days to go, I think it would be far better to the 16 more days, than undo any of the work you have had done, you have been saved to be a father, just wait. Its not as though its a lifetime. Good Luck  Hi, As you say fix, for him having a vas is just a very simple procedure, his own doctor could do it, this way job done and no more problems once he gets the all clear, you can change his middle name to Martini? its from the advert, anytime, anyplace, anywhere, with no problems. Or its the pill or an IUD, or the good old condoms. I had a vas way back in 1976, drove back home from London to Suffolk, no problems and back to work the next day, it was that simple, sent a sperm sample of at 4 weekly intervals, 12 weeks job done, been very happy ever since, and we still are. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No, I don't think it can, its gone for ever, I think your husband needs to see his doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Its safe after 4 to 6 weeks, this would depend on how healthy you and a lot would be how you feel. But you should start slowly and just work back up, there is no need to try and break any records, its not a race and think of your body at all times. You don't want to undo anything you have had done. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Answer above.  Hi If your thinking plaque? then go the cayenne pepper way, make this a daily thing, you really need to go to www.cayennepepper.info your find lots of info on how this will help you. Ok I'm on this for ED, it does make you feel good when you go on it, I take 3 small spoonful's of a mix of cayenne pepper and tomato paste thinned with olive oil, mix to a heat that suits you, and you can slowly build up the heat, wash each spoonful down with water. You can add fine chopped garlic if you want some extra help, but I would see your doctor on that as it thins our blood. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I cant see why you cant before, as long as its not painful for you, but sex is good anytime, you can trust me on that point. But after your operation, you may find sex painful or uncomfortable at first, but it is usually fine to have sex when you feel like it. Do hope this helps you, whether your a male or female. Good Luck  Hi I think your find if you have a cold or as your saying chest problems, they will say no. But it would be best if you get in touch with your hospital, to be best informed. Good Luck  Hi You say her fingers are numb? do they also go white as well? If so that Raynauds disease. Carpal tunnel give pins and needles, and fingers b2,3 and 4 get stuck in a grip, and need manipulating to get them open and working, with this you can also get swollen hands pains up your arm. So if its this then yes she needs to be operated on, I have had both hands done, they say if you get it in one hand then you will get it in the other some years later, yes that's what I got. But if its the first one Raynauds, then ED drugs will help, they open up our veins, but I use Boric Acid, it does the same thing, its just a quarter teaspoon in a litre of water and drink through the day, this works for me, and its far cheaper the ED drugs will ever be, just ask your chemist for it, its so cheap to buy. Hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Not being a doctor, but just how many times in the last couple of years has your Mother been on antibiotics? The more we have the lass effective they become, just off the top of my hed do you thing this could be the reason behind her problem, these are just thoughts. But below are a couple of links that may help you put a finger on her problem. The First Link. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/features/cut-urinary-tract-infection-risks The second Link http://jac.oxfordjournals.org/content/65/suppl_3/iii25.full Do hope these help your mothers problem. Good Luck  Hi Reading round some the sites that cover what you want to have done, for some seems its a very good thing to have done, even with the backing of a PCOS specialist. So should help you. Good Luck  Hi I suggest you just google your question, your find lots of different things you can try, the best thing is have a good read, and work out a plan for the health of your gallbladder. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read of this link, its the part about waste blocking the testes. The link,http://www.wernermd.com/varicocele.php Just copy link into google to open and read. Now me thinking beyond that would or could be your own blood, not knowing your life style, it could be that over the years that plaque in your blood has blocked your veins up, which could be from high cholesterol, whether you have it or not plaque would not help. The way out and clearing away plaque would be to get on Cayenne Pepper, take this each morning and see how you go. You just mix CP with tomato paste and thin it with olive oil, at first you njust mix this to a heat that suits you, and over time you can slowly increase the CP. You take 3 small teaspoonful each morning first thing, before anything else, one thing it will warm you up, with this which will also help would be very fine chopped garlic, just do a whole head, chopped fine, and keep in olive oil, you just add a teaspoonful on tpo of the CP just mix into the top take as said. No if you read up about both the very good for ED, your heart and prostate, garlic is also very good for your blood, so along with the CP, your be doing your body the world of good. And yes have had ED now in recovery and do take what is above along with other stuff. So do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Common problem with a lot of women, well you could try vitamin B 6, read a good article on this, it got the thumbs up, worked all but three days a month, sex oil which your find lots of place sell, or on line you could also have a read up on www.dodsonandross.com its a site packed with info for women and men on sexual problems, you can also post to Dr Betty Dodson, she's a mind of information on the vagina and its problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its keyhole surgery, its quick an easy. You will need to be of work for 4 weeks, try and get as much swimming as you can, its the best exercise you can do as its low impact just doing breast stroke, I have had both of my knees done and this was my way back with a doctors nod of approval. Good Luck  Hi Has any of these doctors looked into you hormone creams you have been using inside you vagina, I think his problem stems from your use of that. If you and hubby are still having sex, are you still using the creams if so I think he should stop, have you thought of using pills for HRT? Perhaps you need to talk to your doctor and raise these things, and see how he does if you change over. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So do you mean your still bleeding? please get to your doctor or ER ASAP If it was a miscarriage, it should not hurt any future chances of getting pregnant, the thing that may help you now would be a D and C its just a small op to clean out your womb, after that give it a couple on months and try again. Don't worry, its just natures way of getting rid of unwanted rubbish. Take it your young and healthy. Good Luck  Hi So what was it for, if it was just for something minor then I cant see why your so worried? If having sex gave you no pain, and you was not sore, again why so worried then? Hope this helps a bit. Good Luck  Hi I thought stents helped to strengthen the vessels they grow into the walls of them. But only his heart doctor would be able to give the correct answer, or if there is a surgeon as well ask for his advice, or the hospital heart team, some body would know? Good Luck  Hi I would take this to a uro let him have a look at you and it, ok not a doctor but sounds like it dead from having blood stopped from getting to it by this small op you had. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi See Above Answer  Hi Just found and odd thing the may help, its Apple Cider Vinegar. Just dip a cotton bud in it and ease this down you penis his would depend how far down it is or they are and leave overnight, if the head of the cotton bud stick out to far cut some of it back but not to far, see how it goes, it may sting a bit when you first use it. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi From what your saying I would be straight round my doctors ASAP, you do have a problem with this urinating, and we all do need our sleep. Good Luck  Hi, I've had both hands done, and you will get a pain for some time, but you will just need to live with it, if you do physical work, be very careful on how you treat your hands. Exercise your hands by stretching them, you will fill it pulling, so no over do it. for me even today I can fill it pulling, and my last op was 25 years ago, and the other one was 12 years before, doe's this give you some idea. Just keep exercising it, but at lease the pins and needle should have gone along with the cramping. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Somebody who needs it.  Hi Just sit and wait, for a couple more days then get a doctors test done. But they do say things may be a bit off for a couple of months, you need to let your system get back together and working regular. You should have done this before having unprotected sex. Hope this helps Good Luck  Hi Lets say its not uncommon thing to happen.  Hi Factors would be your work, the surgeon your under and how any physio you need to get you fit to work again. See so all down to factors. Good Luck  Hi, One of the advantages of cataract surgery is that because the opaque lens is replaced with an artificial one, the power of the lens is calculated to give you the best possible vision for distance. If this works well you may not need glasses to see in the distance but will need reading glasses. If you still need a prescription for distance after the operation, it is quite possible to have contact lenses. This helps I hope. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Soon as you come out of hospital, the sooner you start the better it will be for you, short at first, then you can then start doing longer walks, but no sex tell the 6th week, but try it at 5th week my wife did, but use lots of lubrication, If I remember right we were in the kitchen and used olive oil, it was at hand, you know what I mean, nudge, nudge, wink, wink. Do hope this helps you and your husband. Good Luck  Hi Go to www.cayennepepper.info, have a read about plaque on there, your find CP is very good at cleaning out plaque, plus a whole host of other things its so good for, your heart, your prostate and very good for helping cure ED, this last bit I do know about. I do take CP every day, first thing in the morning, with this I take fine chopped garlic, OK you mix CP with tomato paste and thin with olive oil, you mix this to a heat that suits you, to start with over time you can build up the heat, the garlic I chop a whole head down very fine, you keep this in a jar mixed with olive oil, you can add dried parsley if you want, this will help keep your cholesterol in order. You take a tea spoon of the garlic mix, put this on top of the CP mix, just mix this in the top layer, you take 3 tea spoonful's of this mix, wash each one down with water, you will fill this doing you good when you first start, and it will warm you up, about 15 minutes later. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your find this link below will go through how it works, treatment that is. http://www.cancer.org/cancer/laryngealandhypopharyngealcancer/detailedguide/laryngeal-and-hypopharyngeal-cancer-treating-by-stage Just copy this link into google to the www. to open and read. OK may sound a bit odd but there is a movie that has this as its story line, its called The Doctor with William Hurt, try looking it up on IMDB. Dope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi With a problem like yours I think it would be best if you seek help from your doctor or gyno. Please get some help. Good Luck  Hi If you can a nice sea salt bath would be best, the salt will help clean and heal your scar. It will help. Good Luck  Hi I have had both hands done and never had what your having, by 6 weeks I was back at work both times, I think you should go back and see your surgeon who performed the surgery on you, something must be wrong, but this is my own persona feelings. And the second one I feel on about 8 weeks after the op, did get a small pain for a couple of weeks but that is all I ever had. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Two things, you can either have surgery or not, ether way you will need a cast, but will take many weeks being on crutch's. Sorry bit more than just a boot. Good Luck  Hi If your going all the way to orgasm, its the same thing, whether using you fingers on your clitoris or vibrator. And using a vibrator or dildo inside you vagina, this would be the same as sex, so again a No, No. Just give you body a break, if you have a high libido, see your doctor for some meds to kill it for a couple of weeks till the end of the 8 weeks. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you look up his drugs, try adding erectile dysfunction on the end, like you google drug name, side effect erectile dysfunction, and see what come s up, but antidepressant's do have a bad side effect of ED, mussel relaxers, again you should find can bring on ED. So see how you get on, ED is not a good thing, it can wreck marriages, but hope you can both work through it, but at least your getting some sex. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi your find its best to let them be dry, as they itch just try and ease the edges by scratching it, and when you wash don't be surprised if they wash on, it will help the healing process, your find that this is the best way to do it. If it bleed just wash it in sea salt warm water, this will also help the healing. Good Luck  Hi If that is your problem, then its like Raynards disease, what I do for mine is take borax acid your find its cheap to buy, you take a 1/4 teaspoon in a litre of water, and drink through, this relaxes the blood vessels to allow more blood through. For more info go to www.earthclinic.com look under raynards. Good Luck  Hi I found you this great link, its from start to finish or ejeculate , its very good so if I can understand it so should you, don't forget there is liquid in the cowper's gland, this is the liquid the sperm mix's with to form ejeculate, so even it you testes have not dropped yet you shpuld if your masturbating ejectulate that. So I take it you do know how to masturbate? OK The Link, http://education-portal.com/academy/lesson/sperms-journey-from-the-testes-to-urethral-orifice.html#lesson Just copy this into google. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Get her to an ER ASAP, just go now, and do you mean she has not been operated on yet? cant understand the part about 8 weeks later, if she has not had this op yet then get to an ER. Good Luck  Hi I think you find its because it thins your blood, not a good thing if your going into surgery. Good Luck  Hi I had an MRI for one in my knee, so should work on you foot, have you been icing it, this is a way that could help to heal it, they can heal there self's, also with some tens treatment could soon have you back running around. Try seeing a phyiso, he/she could help you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS A cheap pack of frozen peas are good for ice packing, they mould around then just refreeze them, put them in a thin cloth, stops burns.  Hi Vicky, Well your or the best tool to look for options and ideas. As for your first question, an exercise is one that makes you feel good after doing it, you will know the right one when you do it. As for your arthritis have you thought of taken cayenne, yes the hot stuff, google it for arthritis, your find some good help, I do take this each day, I have a mix of CP and tomato paste thin with olive oil, take 3 small spoonful's each morning wash each one down with water. You mix this to a heat that suits you at first over time you can start to build that up, but it will make you feel good, warms you up first thing in the morning. So you want to run a marathon then, well for now just get out and do some very brisk walking, this will get the legs working and after time start jogging, try to jog 20 paces then walk 20 and so on, its a good way for somebody just starting up, and see just how you get on from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would get back to were this was done, you may have blood vessel either open or its been tired off during the simple op. But get back ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Try this list. Vitamin E Magnesium Fruits, Vegetables and Herbs Containing Salicylates Herbs and spices high in salicylates include: Curry powder Cayenne pepper Ginger Paprika Thyme Cinnamon Dill Oregano Turmeric Licorice Peppermint Fruits high in salicylates include Raisins Prunes Cherries Cranberries Blueberries Grapes Strawberries Tangerines Oranges Other substances high in salicylates: Chewing gum Honey Peppermints Vinegar Wine Cider Garlic and Onions Ginko Bilboba warfarin (Coumadin). Boric acid Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes its the nicotine that affects the healing. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you think about it, her organs and stomach have been moved around, they just need to get back into place, then she will pass gas, and by the sound of it, lots, I think your know when it starts working again. But walking around will help, also tell to stretch her arms upwards this will help as well, and twisting if she can. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Its so easy for to just google your meds, after each one ask the same thing, like, side effects, and see what they through up. Good Luck  Hi I would see a doctor, you really need some help with this, I bit more than over an internet connection, the problem is we cant see just how bad it is. But does sound like a nerve problem. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I do have some idea what you mean, but I think you would need to ask the surgeon who carries out this kind of operation, to how much skin the use, if I'm right your penis skin becomes the vagina, so it would depend just how far they strip down your penis to do this, I think a surgeon would only know this. Reason I'm saying this, its to wear the hole is, but I think that could be sealed over, perhaps before you had the operation if need be. But its like I said this would be down to your surgeon. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As long as he tells the dentist before he goes, it would then be up to the dentist to say yes or no. I would rind way ahead of his appointment no just an hour before. Good Luck  Hi So you had an maxofacal, but for what, as you have not been smoking for that long, perhaps now would be a good time to say no more. Just think about it. Good Luck PS if you want to reply just use, answer this, above.  Hi Then its time to go back to who ever did this operation and start with to why your getting these problems. Its up to them to sort out your problems, did you not have any kind of follow exam? Good Luck  Hi OK not a doctor, but have seen this operation done and the reason the rods are there are to keep your back straight, if the rods come out then you would be back to wear you were before to operation, now have you thought of getting back to the surgeon who performed the operation, perhaps he can do something for you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi With this feeling of wetness I would remove it to see if the wound is clean, if its not give it a good sea salt wash, this will help clean and heal your wounds, had mine done way back in 1991, never had a splint and did give it a sea salt wash twice daily, never had any problems with it. At the moment its your call. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi He could have a trapped vein, this could be the reason, he needs to see his surgeon and take it from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have good read down this link it could help you. http://www.alzsupport.org/uploads/ Common_Medical_Problems_in_Alzheimer.pdf Just copy into google to the www. to open and read Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think I know what you mean, so found you a couple on links that may help you, but as for what you have now, well what we get, and were all different, Ive seen some guys with almost nothing. http://www.pegym.com/articles/ball-pumping-101-testicle-enlargement This next link is from myhardwear, its a bit explicit but it will show you another way of stretching, this one is so your sack will hang lower. http://myhardwear.com/male-enhancement-articles/getting-started-with-ball-stretching-and-cock-cages-(365).aspx So do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi will you don't seem embarrassed to ask on here so why not ask you gyno the same question, he would know best, don't forget a good orgasm may give some reaction inside your vagina as well. Best see what here says. Good Luck  HI So where was the tear, and it would also depend on your work. Have your discussed this with the doctor you was under at the time of the tear, this would be a good place to start. Good Luck  Hi Joey, Well there you go, if this is your very first time as you say, just keep at, you will ejaculate, at 15 I was just starting work as we did in the UK, and had been masturbating for over 3 to 4 years. But you will feel it when it does come to ejaculation, your feel you need to pump, and it will. This is something us healthy men do most of our lives, its hard to say how it happens, but when you do, it will feel great, then at some time you will get orgasms, and that as they say is another story, but your know when you get one, your know all about it. See these things affect most men in different ways, just like you your find it very hard to say just what happened. I hope you find some sense here. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link its from the UK's NHS, all about Priapism, it will either help or not. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Priapism/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi, I think it would be best if you wait till your last stitch's have either dissolved or taken out, the problem in some women in orgasm can big an explosive thing, and could do you more harm than good. An orgasm is good for both women and men, but in your case at this moment, you just need to sit on the urge, could be 2 to 3 more weeks, but end of the day its your body, it should tell you when its ready, you need to listen to it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi showers would be ok, with just normal soap or a neutral soap, but if its a bath do it with sea salt, a couple of handfuls with each bath, and again just a normal soap or a neutral one, the sea salt will help to clean and heal your wound. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Like it says, the things you can do and cant, so for 6 weeks no sex, so that's it no sex, its so you don't undo the surgeons good work, by having a good shag. ^ weeks is not a life time. Good Luck  People will frequently relate onset of symptoms to certain life events (surgery, car accident, etc). It is not clear if there is cause and effect, but we know that stress can affect the immune system. There is also some work to suggest that MS patients may have exacerbations more frequently when under stress than not. So call your neurologist and discuss what is happening.  This is actually perfectly normal. Every female's vagina looks different, and to have labia minora that hang out beyond the labia majora is the most common.  Although everything is probably okay, any unusual bleeding should be reported to your doctor, especially given your history of large fibroids. Occasionally, women will have irregular bleeding, and it is not necessarily a sign of anything abnormal. But it could be related to infection, hormonal imbalance, pregnancy, polpys, etc. There are many potential causes that your doctor will evaluate.  The Bartholin glands, or ducts, are located at either side of the vaginal opening. They secrete a lubricating fluid. Occasionally, the opening of the gland will become blocked causing a back-up or accumulation of fluid. This is called a Bartholin duct cyst. This is the most common cystic growth in the vulva. Sometimes the blockage is the result of an infection, such as gonorrhea or chlamydia. The accumulated fluid can become infected as well. At this point, it is called a Bartholin gland abscess. A Bartholin gland abscess can be very painful and requires treatment. The most common treatment is an incision with drainage and antibiotics. Usually, a Wood catheter is placed in the gland to allow continued drainage and a larger opening to the gland to form. This catheter is a short tube with a little balloon on one end and is usually left in place for 1-2 weeks. For recurrent cysts or abscesses, a procedure called a marsupialization is performed. The gland is surgically opened and then sutured open so that it does not reform. You should discuss with your doctor if you are a candidate for this procedure.  I have a hernia that will be repaired in about 3 weeks and, personally, have not had an issue with this. However, my doctor has told me, and I have read, that sometimes the vas deferens can become strangulated by the intestine intruding into the scrotum. The "vas" is the tube that carries the sperm. If you are having trouble, and you think it may be related to your hernia, see your doctor immediately, as a strangulation of any kind can be very serious. Read some of the categories relating to strangulation.  one with a wide neck so you can thread the injured arm though it's appropriate sleeve first and stretch the neck up over your head and wiggle your arm though the opposite sleeve as you do so. probably a tank top or something. it is winter though. so idk. you probably shouldn't be running around out in the cold anyway. v-necks are very stylish, if that helps at all.  Wash your ass.  Don't know what a ankle fusion would do for "Flat-feet" or so called 'fallen arches'. An ankle infusion simply binds the bones of the ankle together, hence the term "fusion", making the ankle joint a mass of bone. You certainly need to consider a professional opinion from a podiatrist and an orthopedic surgeon. This makes no sense to me, and I'm a retired radiological technician. As for my opinion as to reversal, ... I'd say with faith on past patients and my work, ... the answer is "NO". It cannot be reversed after the bone fusion has taken place without extended reconstruction of the ankle joint itself. Good luck with your future endeavors.  Use stool softener, hemarrhoid cream, and perhaps the bleeding will go away.  HI. I am eight weeks postop and still have pain and swelling, albeit much less then it was a couple of weeks ago. I do exercises every day. I also use the Flexinator machine three times daily for flexion( helps relieve pain, providing u can get thru the pain of using it...its TOTURE!!! LOL...) Use your pain pills, do your physio, work thru the pain and don't give up!!! Yes, I think that pain eight weeks following surgery is normal, but you should also have shown vast improvement from two weeks post-op FEEL BETTER and do your physio!!  Rainbow Hospital assess and treat children with more unusual disorders, including breathing problems chronic ear disease and acquired or congenital masses of the head and neck.They recognize the unique issues involved in treating children with diseases of the ear, nose and throat with experienced experts at Pediatric otolaryngologists,Audiologists,Nurse practitioners  Yes, It can last a long time. Try stopping your urine stream while urinating. This will strengthen your muscles in that area.  My father had knee replacements on both knees. There is no correct estimation as to how long they last. In his case, one of them only lasted about 6 years. The duruation differs by person and his/her medical situations. For example, one must consider the following factors: How stressful was the normal daily activity of which the knee is involved. Was the activity done more than suggested? History of arthitis and injuries. Weight and diabetes. Family history related to weaknesses in different parts of the body. Did the person need any additional knee protection or prothesis? Each person's health and situation is different. One cannot depend on any casebook sencaro. This is between oneself and physician to determine what is going on and what is needed.  There are two issues which every patient needs to understand with respect to surgery. First, there is always the potential for problems and the best insurance against having a catastrophic outcome is to have the procedure performed in a fully equipped surgical facility. A medical spa is not a bona fide surgical facility. The facility should be either licensed by the state, accredited by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (accredits facilities to qualify for Medicare payments), or by one of three well-known private accrediting organizations: Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care (AAAHC) , the American Association for Accreditation of Ambulatory Surgical Facilities (AAAASF), and the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO), which accredits hospitals. Fully accredited, licensed facilities must have the same resuscitative equipment, emergency drugs and supplies, and infection control standards as a hospital. They have passed the test. Finally, I would never have any type of significant surgical procedure, whether done under local anesthesia or with local anesthesia with sedation or general anesthesia, without the services of a board-certified physician anesthesiologist. Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) may be appropriate in some situations. In any event, you want an anesthesia specialist at the controls. Such specialists are another "insurance policy" for you because they will not work in a substandard facility.  Well, patients do have an influence on their own recovery. The first is please follow our instructions, and if youre having pain, take a pain medicine, because if you dont, and youre trying to be stoic, your blood pressure is going to go up as a result of pain and that can translate into more bruising for example. At worse, it can cause such increased bleeding under the skin that the wound can just pop apart. So, follow the instructions. Secondly, please dont smoke. We hope you never smoke, but for sure, dont smoke after surgery. It delays the healing and it compromises lung function. Theres not a single good thing you can say about smoking, only bad. Thirdly, dont lay around the house, and do nothing. With cosmetic surgery, you dont need to be bed bound by more than one day or so. By the next day, you can be up and about. Now you may not want to go to an amusement park, but you can certainly take a walk around your house. If the weathers nice, go out, get some fresh air. Why? Because if you dont, if you just lay around the house, youre going to be subject to constipation, a very practical issue. Youve got to get moving, because youve been taking some pain pills perhaps. Most pain pills will produce some level of constipation. You counter that by getting up, getting around, and by the way, drink lots of fluids, drink fruit juices. Again, we tell everybody this. Its in writing. This is what they should do. We tell them what they shouldnt do. What they shouldnt do is go back to the health club three days later and start pumping iron, because the blood pressure is going to go up again. Elevated blood pressure after surgery is one of our greatest enemies because of the bruising issue and the bleeding issue, so its generally 10 days before you can go back to your health club, and maybe even 2 weeks, depending on how things are going, but well be monitoring, and again, because were going to see the patient often, particularly after the bigger procedures, were going to see them several times the first week, were going to be asking these questions every day. Hows it going? Are you out and about? Are you getting a little fresh air? Are you moving your body parts? Hows it going in the constipation or no constipation department? How are you eating? Occasionally somebody, they just stop eating for whatever reason, not a good idea. Why? You need protein. You need carbohydrates. Your body has to repair itself. Were big on vitamins as long as they are the right vitamins and we know about them, and were big on just plain old, good old nutrition. What role does sleep have in my recovery? Some patients will not sleep well. They will not sleep well because they are either anxious or their sleep cycle has been upset even by the anesthetic, or they are not sleeping well because maybe theres a little bit of discomfort. So the first line of defense is pain medication, but if patients dont take the pain medication say Im not sleeping well, then my answer is going to be then were going to do two things, we are going to remind you to take the pain medicine and if that doesnt quite give you the level of comfort and relaxation, heres a sleeping pill. We dont want people not to sleep. Ill tell you why. First of all, they get cranky. They just get cranky, they are not having any fun, and theyll just feel better and everything goes better, so yes, sleep is very important and we have to monitor these things. Again, theres almost a checklist we go through, and its about eating and about exercise and about not smoking and again, even sleep.  Dr. Kotler: Every operation has a certain routine post operative course, and depending on the procedure, there may be 1 or more visits in the first week. But you should know ahead of time whats routine. For example, if you have nasal surgery only for cosmetic purposes, you will be seen 5 days later, at which time well take off the little splint, like we did for our patient Laura today. Nothing else need be done by use during that period of time, and the little packing or tampon that we put in the nose the day of the surgery, the patient pulls out the next day themselves at home, it doesnt even need an office visit. Now this assuming that everything is going according to the plan, and by the way, the post-op instruction and advice sheet says this is what you can expect and if you dont, if this isnt happening, or if something is happening that is not on here, call the doctor. And were available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, by cell phone, by home phone so there is no reason why they cant be in touch. But they know what to expect and they have all the tools to tend to themselves. On the other hand, the patient who has the 6 hour face and neck lift and upper and lower eyelid surgery, and maybe even a nose thrown in, we need to see them the next day. We need to check them, and we need to see them the following day. There may even be a little drainage vacuum tube that we have to take out that has been pulling fluid out of the tissues so the face doesnt swell. And we tell the patient, you know what, we may have to see you for another day yet, and these things are all determined as you go along so they know what to expect. So it depends on the patient. The patient that bruises a lot thats probably going to have a little more swelling, that little suction tube may have to stay in an extra day. Ive told the patient that ahead of time. I say based on your history, I think you may need this not the usual 2 days, but 3 days, but were going to play it by ear, well see how you look the next day. So when we finish an operation at 3:00 in the afternoon, that patient is going to be seen by 8 or 9 the next morning. Were not going to wait until the end of the day to see them, because what if something needs attention? Its too late. We need to see them and attend to things when theres lots of help around, consultants available, whatever we need. Its all common sense.  We know aspirin interferes with blood clotting, so people go off aspirin for some period of time. But often patients dont know that some of the other medications they are taking without a prescription again, or even with prescription may interfere. So, we have a list of over 200 medications, over the counter and prescription that are known to contain elements that would interfere with blood clotting, and we give it to the patient well in advance of the surgery and say look through this list, and if youre taking any of these, please stop, or lets talk about. And we ask very specifically on our questionnaires what medicines are you taking, both prescription medications and non-prescription medications. We are trying to make sure the patient doesnt forget or doesnt disregard the importance of these medications that could interfere by the way not only with the bleeding, but even with the anesthesia. There are certain drugs that the anesthesiologist would be very unhappy if he didnt know the patient were taking. But its not just supplements and prescriptions. What about foods? Well, garlic and ginger for example, when consumed in large amounts, can cause some change in clotting, yeah, so we tell people about it. We tell people those things that would get them into trouble. By the way, foods can also help us though, because papaya and pineapple, rich in an enzyme called papase which is the same thing that is in meat tenderizer, after surgery, very good, because they help digest the red cells that cause bruising. When you see a bruise its because the red cells in the blood have seeped into the tissues and it helps digest them. So, you know foods can work for us, and they can also work against us. But we need to know. This is the most important thing. And this is why its so important to have a very complete evaluation by the cosmetic surgeon, a very complete evaluation by your personal doctor, so that none of these things would slip through the cracks. We dont want anything slipping through the cracks. An anesthesiologists worst nightmare is that the patient took a drug that the anesthesiologist didnt know about and that drug was in the patients system and could interfere, sometimes significantly with a safe anesthetic.  All things considered, its in the patients interest that the surgery be done in less time rather than more time because the lack of efficiency that would translate a shorter operation to a longer operation has a consequence of more swelling and more bruising. It is a natural tendency for human tissue, when being manipulated for 4 hours to swell more than it would if it were manipulated for 2 hours or say 1 hour. the drugs that we inject at the time of surgery, and this is after the patient is asleep, which numb the tissue allowing a lighter anesthetic by the anesthesia specialist also contains, that anesthetic drug also contains a drug to shrink the blood vessels, to clamp off the blood supply so that were not operating in a pool of blood. Otherwise, we couldnt do our work, we cant see. But that is not an indefinite period of time. In other words, its pretty finite. After an hour to an hour and a half that drug wears off, the blood vessels start to open up and now they leak more. So, ideally, youd like to get that operation done, or at least that part of the operation done in less than an hour to an hour and a half. Therefore, the object generally in nasal surgery, which has big potential for significant bleeding, get the operation done in less than an hour. Whether youre operating for cosmetic purposes, or cosmetic and even breathing purposes, youve got about one golden hour to do the work. So, if you do it, less swelling, less bruising. Now, we do have the help of some medications. But they are not always as predictable and they effect different people, and bruising is a phenomenon for example that can depend on everything from your natural innate tendency to bruise, some people say Im a bruiser, some arent, to for a woman, what point in the menstrual cycle are they. Oh yeah. So youve got all these factors in play, and we haul out all the best drugs we can. In order to reduce the bruising, we have the anesthesiologist inject an anti swelling medication even prior to the outset of the operation, before we make the first incision, so that we know that theres this big rush of drugs that have now been absorbed into the body, and are available to reduce the swelling.  Kotler: Traveling for cosmetic surgery, theres a fascinating subject. The question is what are the risks of traveling 8,000 miles, say to South Africa or down to Costa Rica and having cosmetic surgery and is it a good deal? Well, dollars and cents wise, it is a good deal, but remember you have to factor in the air fare and all those other issues. But lets just say that the total expenditure is less and it may well be. Uhm, its not the craziest thing in the world frankly, for some people. And by some people I mean those who are a little more adventuresome. Heres why. First of all, you do combine it with a vacation, but you better take the vacation part of it first, because you dont want to be bouncing around on a safari truck after youve had your tummy tuck. But secondly, the real issue is what if there is a problem, and who presides over the post-operative care, because you know the care of the patient doesnt end at the end of the operation, or even a week or ten days later. Because after all, there are wounds that have to mature, sometimes they heal better in one person than another, and whos going to preside over that so the issue is who is going to give the post-operative care. Thats the best scenario problem. But the worst scenario problem is what if I get a complication or infection and now Im 3,000 miles or 10,000 miles away from home, its costing me X amount of money because my health insurance doesnt even cover this medical problem that I have because Im in a foreign country, I dont have any family here. Is that likely? Most of the time not, frankly. I will tell you that the South African surgeons are very good. Weve seen excellent work coming up from Costa Rica, but weve also seen some very substandard work coming up from Costa Rica. For example, I could tell you the same thing about Mexico, I could tell you that Ive seen people come back who have had very nice work done, and weve had other people that walked into this office without an appointment, having a massive abdominal infection because the doctor that operated on them across the border is gone, is missing, doesnt respond to phone calls, and they walked into this building because they know we have a lot of cosmetic surgeons in this building and they need help. So for those who are adventuresome, who tend to worry less, its probably okay. Pick your country, pick your doctor well. The more advanced countries I think offer you a little more sophistication and safety. The exchange rate is indeed very favorable with some other countries, like South Africa, and quite frankly, South Africa has been promoting this. They want the business. They want people to get on an airplane and come to South Africa and have surgery, because they want, like many countries, they want those American dollars. And for some people, it would be very good, but for others, I think it isnt good. Again, you can ask the same questions by the way, the questions that I suggest people ask, about board certification, which by the way, there are many board certified specialists. I should say board certified by American boards practicing in other countries. That is the world wide standard of excellence by the way. American board certification is it, and many doctors come here from other countries to study, to pass the boards, so they can go home and say I am an American board certified specialist, so there are running good practices outside the United States.  We know that to reduce the risk of poor healing or scarring or skin breakdown, that its generally not wise to operate, meaning do a face lift and slide the skin around and at the same time, assault the outer part of the skin with a chemical or a laser. It just is too much for the skin. So, the favored approach is to just do the procedures separately, usually 3 to 4 months apart. The order often is optional or a matter of choice for the patient, chemical first, or laser first, surgery later, or visa versa. Dont do them at the same time, because the rule is dont take chances.  I think you get what you pay for in life, and you get what you pay for in cosmetic surgeons office, a consultation. I dont think a free consultation is a good idea. First of all, it implies that you dont think its worth paying for. In other words, if the patient doesnt want to pay for service, the patient should want to pay for service. Its very important service, because the answer may be that its not a good idea to have cosmetic surgery for x, y, and z reasons. And youre going to get an honest opinion, because youre paying for the doctors time. Otherwise, often, its kind of like a little bit of a come on, frankly, in some practices, particularly practices that are high marketing, high advertising, more of a clinic, different atmosphere than other practices. It makes it attractive to patients that say, oh yeah, its free, what do I have to lose? But often, they come in, and then they are taken down a little road that they may not want to go to, because sometimes, theres some pretty sophisticated marketing. By the way, some of these clinics are owned by businessmen. Doctors are employees. They just see this as another business, and they hire a doctor, just like a factory hires a line worker. So often, its kind of a, its a little bit unclear, hang on a second its an opening into what turns out to be too much of a slick operation. Medical consultation should be professional and it shouldnt be a hustle. It shouldnt be slick, and you shouldnt feel pressured and sometimes people are. Because frankly, if everyone came in and consulted at no charge, how could the clinic stay in business if it didnt do surgery? Now, its now likely, certainly a fair percentage need something, but I think its healthier to pay for it. And frankly, for many practices, that $200 or $150 or whatever the number is, they apply it to the procedure anyway if youre comfortable or the doctors comfortable doing it, so at least in that practice, it really hasnt cost you any more to consult. If youre going to do consulting with 3 or 4 practices, yes, you could say wow, $150 or $200, Im going to be investing a fair amount of money, but you know, youre also talking about a procedure that may be is thousands of dollars, they are thousands most of the time, certainly the bigger procedures like face lifting, breast reduction, tummy tucks, its still a good investment, because youre going to learn. In my experience, the practices that charge you for the consultation give you a lot more education. The practices that dont charge you give you a lot more selling. But I dont think you should be sold on this. I dont think its something that you need to be drawn into. I think you have to approach it as a very, very important consumer decision. It is your face, it is your body, even your health is on the line, to a tiny, tiny degree. So, I think it is better to pay for the consultation.  I think the two most important safety questions that a patient can ask the doctor is one, will there be a fully accredited anesthesia specialist in attendance, anesthesia specialist being either a certified, registered nurse anesthetist or a physician anesthesiologist. Thats number one. Second , is the facility accredited? Now, accreditation is kind of a broad term. For instance, the facility could be licensed by the state. States do that. Hospitals are licensed. The state will license a facility. The federal government does the same. In other words, you cannot operate on a Medicare patient and expect Medicare to pay for it unless theyve given it the stamp of approval. By the way, the standards are almost identical. And some facilities, for whatever reason will have both the state and the federal government come in, do their evaluation and asked to be approved. But there are also private credentialing companies that do this, and by the way most hospitals in the United States are accredited by essentially what is called the Joint Commission. Its called the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Facilities. This licenses hospitals, outpatient surgery centers, radiology x-ray clinics. So, again, very high standards, so that there is no A or B, its all A. If you get the right answers to those questions, youll feel comfortable. And I would tell you also, parenthetically, most of the doctor anesthesiologists that I know will not work in an unaccredited, unlicensed facility, because they would be compromised in the performance of their work. For example, if the facility didnt have all the appropriate life support systems, why would the anesthesiologist want to be in the situation where if anything goes wrong, he doesnt have the technical backup. He doesnt want to be in that position. He wants to deliver to the patient when needed, if needed, as remote as that possibility is, he wants to deliver the best he has.  All of us are anxious to see results. Whether it is cosmetic surgery or building a home, we like to see the work done and sometimes become inappropriately impatient. I often have to remind patients that with any operation, it takes nature 100 days to do the basic repair work and absorb most of the swelling. Whether that is an artificial hip replacement, a hernia repair, a breast reduction or rhinoplasty or septoplasty, rhinoplasty with turbinate resection (which not only improves appearance but also improves the airway and prevents sinus problems)  it takes time for ole Mother Nature to do its job. We cant rush nature; we cant push the clock. We have to understand that this is what it takes to finish the job. You know the old saying, Rome wasnt built in a day. Great noses are built in day. But, it takes weeks or months for all the swelling to go down. Now, this does not mean that the nose looks hideous or is unattractive. Typically within seven to 10 days, the nose looks very good. But it continues to get better. It ripens like wine. Swelling goes down. Refinement sets in. The nose becomes thinner and more delicate, less bulbous. But all this takes place a tiny bit each day. Patients, while told ahead of time that it takes weeks and up to a couple months for the appearance to optimize, often become impatient and ask, Whats wrong? Why is my nose still swollen? or What can be done to make the swelling go away? We have to be frank and say to them that we cannot push nature beyond its speed any more than human beings can run faster than the fastest runner can run, or make corn grow six feet in one week. There are certain limitations that nature imposes on all things human. However, if the cosmetic plastic surgeon reminds the patient that the outcome will be better than it appears at a week or a month or two months or three months, then hopefully, the patient  and family  will accept that. Just this week, one of our cosmetic nasal plastic surgery (rhinoplasty) patients came in. Prior to surgery, she was an otherwise attractive young lady but had a crooked nose that was bulbous, had a bump. Too big for her delicate face. Further, it was turned down such that every time she smiled, her nose almost hit her lip. The crookedness implied internal blockage and indeed she had trouble breathing because of a deviated septum and enlarged turbinates. To make matters generally worse, she had some facial asymmetries, which were also mirrored in the nose. That was another reason why it looked crooked. Not the simplest of cases, right? Nonetheless, the prospects for success were very good when we took on the case in June of 2009. The case went very well. Mission accomplished. We straightened the nose, corrected the asymmetry, took off the bump, narrowed the tip. We raised the tip from the lip and prevented the nose from plunging with every smile. But the nose was swollen in the first week or two  perhaps a bit more than the average  but that reflected how much work was done. But after the second week, things got better and three weeks later, she was looking quite decent and could now appreciate the improvement. Unfortunately, the patient and her parents were a bit anxious and somewhat unrealistic about what it would take nature to deliver the final result. I kept assuring them that everything was on course, that things were getting better and not worse, and that nature would finish the job by adding additional refinements as the swelling was reduced. At six months, the nose looked terrific, but I knew it would look better even after a longer period of time. Now in this case, understand that because the patient has thick skin and such extensive surgery, the complete healing period was somewhat prolonged. When she came in this week, it was 13 months after the surgery. She looked fantastic. Extremely happy. Now, a beautiful woman. Since the last visit, the nose had improved significantly over a period of months as predicted. Yes, it took nearly a year which is not typical (usually it is three to six months for optimization), but thats what it took for this particular young ladys nose. We had no control over nature. But, we had trust. The important thing is to remember that once the result was in, this teenager has it for the rest of her life. Yes, it takes some patience and fortitude to ride out the reduction of swelling and the further improvement. But when you think while it took longer than usual, one year, compare that to the lifetime of pleasure that now follows. Maybe that wait wasnt quite so long.  The surgical correction of a buried penis depends on the abnormality. However, marked improvement can be achieved in almost all patients. The correction is based on re-establishing the connection of the erectile chambers of the penis to the penile skin along with the removal of excess pubic fat and/or skin. In severe cases of buried penis in which the patient has inadequate penis skin resulting from an overly aggressive circumcision or chronic inflammation, then the penis must be freed and covered with a skin graft. The surgery is usually performed as an outpatient unless a skin graft is needed. The improvement in penile and pubic appearance can be dramatic. Equally impressive is the patients positive personality and self-esteem improvement leading to more self-confidence and social interaction.  There were photographs and reports on a sighting of Heidi Montag while vacationing in Costa Rica on RadarOnLine.com. Heidi is wearing what is described as a strange bandage on her nose, complete with a splint, often used to protect the nose after rhinoplasty. Photographs included a close-up and were said to be taken on August 19, but were revealed only on August 26. From what I can tell, Heidi has the typical postnasal cosmetic surgery tape over the bridge of the nose and running down the sides. She must feel that this is helpful and apparently she explained to the press the following: The last time I didnt wear tape after surgery and my nose changed shape. The tape is supposed to keep the swelling down and hold my nose in place the way Dr. Ryan sculpted it. Dr. Ryan always said I was his best, most cautious patient and Im not taking any chances now that hes gone* and I dont want my face to fall off like Michael Jacksons. There are some incorrect assumptions going on here. The first is that wearing the tape will influence the outcome. It doesnt. It cant. The outcome is determined and has been preordained by what was done at surgery. While tape is used to secure the dressing in the immediate postoperative period, and occasionally just to reduce swelling for the next five days after the protective splint is removed, it will have no influence on the outcome. Heidi is again off course when she feels that the failure to tape her nose might lead to the gradual disintegration of the nose that Michael Jackson suffered. Michael Jacksons appearance was the product of overzealous surgery, repeated many times. The tissues could not survive all the operative interventions and some of the nose tissue died. In the last part of his life, it appears that Michael was wearing a prosthesis or artificial part that compensated for the loss of some of the tissue. My sense is that at this point, Heidi need not fear any dissolution of the tissue. And there are some negatives to wearing the tape, including the clogging of pores and possible acne or skin infection taking place under the constant presence of the tape. Finally, Im glad that Heidi remembers Michael Jackson. Because if Heidi is going to go down the same wrong path that Michael Jackson did, having surgery after surgery after surgery, she should be fearful of losing a portion of her nose. The tape wont do it, but multiple surgeries will. *Dr. Frank Ryan died a premature death in an auto accident [recently].  Fillers should not be thought of as a substitute for surgery. A patient who needs a face and neck lift will have sagginess around the jowls and jaw line and a hanging neck. None of that can be improved with fillers. While surgery may be appropriate to help tighten the mid and lower face, it does that only to a limited degree. Overaggressive surgical treatment will result in that terrible windblown, overdrawn, I-was-strapped-to-a-747? look. And, that result is very difficult to undo. As fillers are not a substitute for surgery, the reverse is true as well. Surgery cant take the place of fillers. But, we need to be realistic about what non-surgical techniques such as fillers, whether they be permanent or semi-permanent, can do with respect to improving the entire appearance. Remember, the neck and the eyes are the areas that are the tipoffs to aging. And while fillers, such as Restylane, Juvederm, Hydrelle, Perlane, Zyderm, Zyplast, CosmoDerm, CosmoPlast, Sculptra, Radiesse and even fat and liquid silicone, can do great things around the face and I certainly endorse them, they dont answer the problem of the jowls, the saggy neck, the hanging platysma edges, the double chin and upper neck and jaw fat. Only surgery is the salvation there. Experienced cosmetic plastic surgeons will guide you as to the best choices or combination of treatment. As Ive said many a time, one shoe does not fit all.  Yes, I am a facial cosmetic surgeon and still make patients happy with eyelid and facelifts, neck lifts and chemical wrinkle removal. But for those on a tighter budget, cosmetic surgeons and dermatologists can now give you some real bang for your non-surgical bucks. Here is my shortlist of the three best things you can do for that healthy, younger and youthful look: 1. Retin-A. Retin-A, a derivative of vitamin A, should be thought of as a vitamin too. The skins own potent and unique vitamin, if you will. Take one a day if you will. A nighttime application of just a pea-sized amount of Retin-A (available also as the generic retinoic acid) followed by application of a moisturizer (another favorite and winner; see below) will go a long way to make your skin smoother and free of minor blemishes including some of those nasty brown spots, age spots. An important long-term benefit of Retin-A is that it thickens the outer layer of the skin and thats important; thicker skin resists wrinkling. Retin-A is available only by prescription. It comes in various strengths. Consult your dermatologist or cosmetic plastic surgeon for more information and advice on use. And, remember, for the optimal results, use it every day; dont quit! 2. Moisturizer + sunscreen. Summers here -- we need to get serious about sun protection. Particularly if you live in Southern CA, South Texas or South Florida. In those hot spots, the sun is strong and therefore, not your skins best friend. There are many excellent moisturizer-sunscreen combinations on the market. And, dont equate cost with excellence. The pricier ones have the big ticket to pay for all the marketing and advertising. What SPF (sun protection factor) number should you use? The number scale was developed to indicate potency relative to elapsed time of use. Divide the SPF number by four to get the number of hours the product is expected to be effective. The only problem with such a general formula is that it does not take into account how heavy the application and what factors might cause the protection to be dissipated, such as by sweating or water sports. Best advice: Pick a mid-strength product, say SPF 30; reapply every 2-3 hours and you cannot go wrong. Remember, a little sun is OK; Nature intended us to get some sun to produce the essential vitamin D. But benefits diminish and negatives begin to appear after even just 20 minutes during the summer, so be conservative with your sunbathing. 3. Botox Cosmetic or Dysport. [Everyone] has heard about or has used Botox. Dysport is its new competition; practitioners vary in their preference, but dont worry, you cannot go wrong with either. Botox has long-proven its safety and value. For the vertical frown lines between the eyebrows, those horizontal forehead lines and the squint or crows feet just aside the eyes, the injections are terrific. They can also be used to gently lift droopy eyebrows. Yes, they are not permanent, but I see that as a plus. If you dont like the results or dont feel the injections - several times a year - are worth the cost, you can drop out of the program with no negatives. If you like the results and think the cost is worth it, you can continue. Stay tuned. I suspect medical science, which never sleeps, will soon be delivering longer-lasting successors to Botox and Dysport.  I think it is reasonable to wait at least six weeks, and only with the consent of the patients obstetrician. There are changes that the body undergoes after pregnancy as it kind of shrinks down if you will, and returns to normal pre-pregnancy physiology. Typically, that is going to take place in the first several weeks and just to make sure, we suggest a six-week interval between the delivery and the cosmetic procedure. It is never wrong to wait a bit longer because the patient might not quite feel up to it and has other new responsibilities as a parent. As indicated above, a physical examination must be done, including blood counts and all the necessary laboratory tests, to know that at that point the patients body is functioning just as it would had the patient never been pregnant.  That issue revolves around what medication one will get during the procedure, and whether or not these medications would enter the milk and then be passed to the infant. Each medication that is given in the operating room and post-operatively has a history of whether or not it would be likely to enter into the mothers milk. But frankly, science is never 100%, and I am very cautious and conservative. I dont believe in taking any chances with the new baby and therefore I would suggest that if a mother is breastfeeding that the surgery be put off until breastfeeding is complete. The alternative would be for the mother to just stop breastfeeding for some period of time and not resume it until we are quite certain that all the medications have cleared from the system, which is typically a matter of some days.  The question of whether or not it is wise to have cosmetic surgery while pregnant comes up most often when a patient who is scheduled for surgery finds out that she is pregnant. She then calls us and asks for our advice. Nearly all the procedures that we do in elective cosmetic facial surgery are done under anesthesia; it is never wise to have a procedure while pregnant. That is why we do a pregnancy test just prior to the surgery. The chances of aborting the fetus are extremely high if one has a general anesthetic in the first three months of pregnancy. In any event, even if one were beyond the first three months, it just doesnt make much sense because the body, during pregnancy, has changed with respect to circulating levels of hormones. There are blood count issues, and a variety of reasons why it makes absolutely no sense to have an elective procedure during pregnancy. Even if an operation could be done under local anesthesia, I would never undertake such an operation because the local anesthetic itself gets into the blood stream and could possibly enter the fetal circulation. Bottom line, why ever take a chance?  Often, I encounter patients who report having a poor experience in another office. Their complaints were not directed at the procedure itself being technically inadequate or leading to more complications, but rather the conduct of the care. Patients will relate that they were not adequately prepared in terms of what discomfort there may be following a procedure. They were not able to anticipate the pain or ask that pain medicine be made available immediately after the procedure. Also, some people decry the fact that they were quite anxious about the procedure because they did not know enough about what would be done. Patients need to have their apprehensions addressed prior to the procedure. Certainly, pain can be well-managed and should be anticipated for any facial surgical procedure whether it be a rhinoplasty, facelift, blepharoplasty, chemical skin peel, chin augmentation or neck sculpturing. Likewise, for abdominoplasty, breast augmentation or reduction, breast lift or liposuction, each patient has a different pain threshold. Their concerns and anxiety should be discussed and planned for prior to the procedure. A recent article in Cosmetic Surgery Times discussed this issue. Ilya Petrou, MD, a senior staff correspondent, did a good job of explaining what doctors can and should do to give the best possible result and experience for their patient. Joseph Niamtu, III, DMD, a maxillofacial surgeon in Richmond, Virginia, hit the nail on the head, saying, Little things like an assistant holding the hand of a patient being injected with filler or Botox  'hand anesthesia -- or the surgeon speaking in a softer tone to communicate with the patient in a relaxing manner while injecting  internal talkesthesia  all make a little difference and these little differences are cumulative to a more pleasant experience. I concur completely. Remember, medicine is still an art based on a science. We must not forget that we should comfort as well as treat.  Why did I wait so long? Over my many years of highly specialized practice, I have heard that comment very often, nearly word for word. Patients can procrastinate and delay having elective procedures because their need is not related to serious medical illness or dangerous consequences. If you broke your arm, you would need an orthopedic surgeon to set the fracture. If your appendix burst, you cant dilly-dally and put off having a general surgeon perform your appendectomy. But, cosmetic plastic surgery is always elective. What that means is that you elect to have it done when you want to have it done, by whom you want to have it done, and how you want to have it done. It is all a matter of choice  not necessity. However, what we have learned from patients is that often they waited too long. They could have enjoyed the benefit of the surgery much earlier. One patient said, For years, I didnt like my nose and I couldnt breathe through it. Why I waited so long to have it corrected makes no sense. Another patient who was having the chemical skin peel, a non-surgical process to permanently remove wrinkles, age spots and other facial imperfections said, All these years, I spent a fortune on makeup and skin treatments, both prescription and non-prescription, and they didnt do a darn thing. I should have just gone ahead and had the right procedure done. Here are the five most common reasons people delay, defer and procrastinate: 1. They have more pressing issues in their life. Certainly a sick child, a divorce or a parent who needs help are reasons that come first. 2. Finances. Not everyone has the discretionary funds to do it at a given point. Often, there is a right time and a wrong time to do it depending on how much money you have in the bank. I never recommend doing cosmetic elective surgery with your last dollar. 3. Patients have an unrealistic fear of anesthesia. Today, anesthesia is safer than ever. Cosmetic elective procedures are done under very light anesthetic techniques with rapid recovery and very little chance of nausea and vomiting. 4. I was always afraid of what I would look like. Well, that shouldnt be a mystery. With computer imaging, you can see the predicted results of your procedure on a computer screen, even yours at home. And, if you have seen surgical results that dont look right to you, just dont go to the surgeon who showed you those results. If patients look unnatural, over-done with a too-tight face lift or an overpinched and scooped nose, just stay away from that doctor. 5. I was afraid of what other people might think. To me, that is a weak reason. You do it for yourself. Not for your parents, not for your friends, not even for your spouse. You do cosmetic plastic surgery because you want it.  Recently, I read an interesting article in W Magazine entitled Prematurely Plastic. The article looked at young women in their 20s who were having various cosmetic procedures to hold back the ticking clock of time. Is this proper? Should Lindsay Lohan at age 24 be the poster girl for having a variety of injections including Botox? One commenter said, Some people wake up at 42 and realize they need to return to 36. But the people who end up looking best have been planning for it all along. These are judgment calls. If young people want to have a little Botox or its competitor, Dysport, or filling injections even though the indications are very weak, little risk is incurred. On the other hand, if it is done incorrectly, the strange frozen look can present itself after Botox or Dysport. And, when fillers are overdone as we see with certain celebrities, the duck lip is not too attractive. Common sense should be employed. I see very few teens or young adults in their 20s who are looking old. Even here in California, where the standards are high and the sun is strong. Dont believe everything you read in the newspapers or magazines, or see on TV. Watch out for fluff and hype.  In adults, Imodium can be taken up to four times a day, for two days, for the managment of diarrhea. It will likely remain in your system for at least a half-day but the effects of this drug are not the same in all people. Some people require taking this medication after each loose bowel movement (up to four times a day), while others may not need such a high dose. Any beneficial response would likely be highly individualized. If your surgeon recommended this medication for your particular condition, he/she would likely be the best source for a patient-specific recommendation.  Keloids are very challenging to remove, so you will need the services of a good dermatologist to help you. Steroid injections are often used, but there are other methods that the dermatologist can discuss with you. This is not something you can do at home or with any over-the-counter medications. Surgically removing a keloid is iffy since the surgery, alone, can create a new keloid to replace the one that was removed.  Take nothing , unless you specifically get the "okay" from the surgeon AND the anesthesiologist, otherwise your surgery could be abruptly cancelled.  The ONLY treatment is surgery. I am sorry. There are no non-surgical ways of correcting this cosmetic issue. Insurances will not pay for cosmetic procedures, so save your money.  As soon as your surgeon give you the "okay". Open surgeries require longer healing times than a laparoscopic procedure, so your surgeon has the final say-so. I suspect it will not be more than a few weeks.  A "lith" is a stone. In your case, the stone is in the distal (end) of the appendix. This does not mean you will need surgery, unless of course, you have appendix PAIN (appendicitis).  As far as I know, medications used for erectile dysfunction do not really help premature ejaculation. This is an entirely different problem and there are no medications to fix it. If you have a short-fuse, so to speak, then the advice from one expert was, "Who said that you only have to have sex once?" The first one may be fast, but as soon as you get by a brief refractory period, the second time you have sex will last much longer. So, instead of worrying about premature ejaculation, just have sex more than once at a session. Of course, you will need a cooperative and understanding partner. Finding the underlying reason for your premature ejaculation is going to take some research on your part and a bit of soul-searching. Here is an article that I think you find helpful: http://men.webmd.com/tc/premature-ejaculation-topic-overview  Unfortunately, no. The key to losing weight is not found in medicine or supplements, it is found in personal motivation. Anyone can lose weight once they find the right strategy. If you need help losing a large amount a weight, get help from a specialist -- someone who can provide a multi-disciplined approach using diet, exercise, and behavioral modification.  Your husband's surgery may have NOTHING to do with his tinnitus or high blood pressure.....it may have just happened, as they often do was we age. Rather than search for a reason or blame, see an ENT to evaluate the tinnitus (the cause and cure can be VERY difficult to find) and his primary care doctor to treat the high blood pressure (which, incidentally, can be one of the hundreds of causes of tinnitus). There are sooooo many different medical issues that may be involved, it would be impossible to track them down over the Internet.  Lancing and draining those cysts are only temporary treatments. You will most likely need to see a GYN surgeon for a marsupilization procedure where the entire sac of this troublesome gland is completely removed. Once removed, it will not come back....ever.  Yes. I think it would be wise to evaluate the cause and correct your anemia before having any elective surgery. Bunions can wait.  There is no thing called "average" when it comes to a person...or a person who has knee surgery. Every person on this planet is different when it comes to their ability to deal with pain, and not all knee surgeries (or the surgeon performing them) are the same either. So, there are no "average times" for pain duration. The ONLY person that could give you a rough estimate would be the surgeon who did the procedure -- someone who is familiar with the case, and someone who knows what kind of surgery that was done.  Welcome to the club. I have had two rotator cuff surgeries and BOTH have failed. I am very reluctant to have the third surgery as you might imagine. Your first step is to have another MRI to see if your surgery worked. Not knowing the details of your surgery, the reason for your injury, age, and any other shoulder damage you might have, I cannot really comment further. You pain may be due to inflammation or ? I really couldn't blindly guess. Consider having a second orthopedic opinion from a shoulder specialist.  The cut a LITTLE of the ligament...the part that is compressing the nerve, They don't completely sever the ligament so that you will not have normal wrist function. All they need to do is make that "tunnel" a bit wider.  It is not a good idea for the patient (or the doctor) to smoke marijuana before any surgery.  Stay on those antibiotics, and keep using the Nasonex. Hot or warm facial compresses (20 minutes at a time) can help, as well as staying very well hydrated. No one really wants sinus surgery, but sometimes, that is the only or last resort. Hang in there, your doctor is doing the best that he can to avoid the operating room by keeping on you an extended course of antibiotics.  I wish I knew that answer, my friend.... I have had two rotator cuff surgeries and, sadly, I have not recovered (yet). I need a third surgery. When I talk to those patients who are successes, I get a range from three months to about a year. Every person...and the severity of their rotator cuff injury is different, as is the type of surgical repair that they have. It would not be possible to guess at anyone's recovery time, but I do wish you (if you are the one) the best in a speedy and very successful recovery.  No...it is not okay. Itching is a sign of an allergic reaction, so it would be best for your doctor or dentist to prescribe something else. An antihistamine should help control or stop the itching.  You bet. This is called .  Other than not eating (or drinking) 12 hours or so before your surgery (your doctor will give you explicit instructions), I know of no specific contraindications for eating celery when you have carotid artery problems. Unless your surgeon specifically tells you not to eat it for some reason (I don't know your medical history), I think you can crunch away.  I don't know.....it would not be possible for me, or any medical provider, to predict an outcome of this nature without be able to examine you first-hand, and review your complete medical records, including your imaging studies. Because of your reluctance over the recommended surgery, it would be wise to consider a second opinion from another ENT. A second opinion is a lot cheaper than 30 - 60 grand for surgery based on one opinion.  The word "patent' in this case, simply means "OPEN".  I think you mean UNdescended testicles (ones that are not in the scrotum where they belong, but rather in the abdomen). At age four, bringing them down now is advisable. It would be highly, highly unlikely that future fertility would be adversely impacted since you are doing surgery at this age. I think you will end up with plenty of grandchildren.  The fear is that you may vomit stomach contents and aspirate during anesthesia. This could be very serious.....  Medical conditions often do not wait until surgeons get around to dealing with it, so the fact that it is painful NOW, it would be best to have it treated now. Start by calling the surgeon's office to see if you can be seen earlier (like today). Without knowing the medical details of your case (type of cyst, size, location, etc.) it would not be possible for me to know if lancing it now would be detrimental to your upcoming procedure. I can tell you that cysts are often easier to remove when they are intact.  Assuming you are at a normal weight, there is really nothing medically that can spot-reduce this unique area. If you are overweight, it is likely that many areas of structural fat will become smaller as you achieve your ideal weight. Many people are overly sensitive to their body structure. Women often feel that their thighs are too big, their butts are too big (or not big enough), their breasts are uneven, or they have too much belly fat. Surgically, this area can be cosmetically-reshaped through liposuction, for instance, if it is important to you, but keep in mind that this may not be an issue for anyone else but you. It is really okay to be a bit different (assuming you really are).  You would need to have a consultation with a urologist. A specialist will need to see your scarring first-hand before discussing any cosmetic revisions. I say "cosmetic", since this is not a functional anomaly, and insurances are unlikely to pay a penny to make your penis look better. While this may be beyond the normal requests for cosmetic surgeons who may or may not choose to due penile surgery, it may be worth a consultation.  Yes. A sty (hordeolum) is unrelated to acne, and it can be treated surgically while you are on Accutane.  I do not believe there are any non-surgical methods to straighten out a crooked nose, so save your money for the friendly, neighborhood plastic surgeon for a rhinoplasty (nose job).  Start with a gastroenterologist. In many cases, this can be "fixed" with a combination of medications and even surgery.  Unfortunately, there is really no way to predict a "100%" success after a surgery. I do not have the facts related to your tear or your medical history, but rotator cuff surgeries can be tricky. Some people have wonderful outcomes; others do not. Personally, I have had two surgeries about six months apart on my left shoulder and it failed. Not wanting to have a third surgery, I am currently just living with it. Like you, my right shoulder is now causing me some pain. I am older than you. Have a heart to hear talk with your surgeon. While many will be very optimistic about your outcome, even the best surgeons will never predict a 100% positive outcome. As a patient, you need to carefully weigh the pros and cons with your surgeon. Surgeons love to do surgery and they all claim they are the best, but don't hesitate to get a second opinion. Asks lots of questions, especially about the technique they will be using. Older surgeons often do old surgeries and may not offer you the latest technology. Younger surgeons may know the latest techniques for surgical repairs, but may not have the experience. In the end, YOU are the one that must give the go ahead.  To lose weight, you need to reduce your calorie intake...simple as that. Cut your calories by just 500 kcal per day, and you will lose about a pound a week (52 pounds a year....not to shabby). In order to exercise, consider swimming.....less impact on you back. It is best to get a specific exercise recommendation from your doctor, however, because of your medical issues.  Freezing? Absolutely not.  ???? That is a good question to ask someone who has appendicitis or some other life-threating medical condition that can ONLY be cured by surgery. Of course....surgery is frequently warranted and the ONLY solution.  Obviously, you should have two vas. Cutting just one would not do you much good. Under anesthesia, he can probe around and find the other one, which should be there. It would be highly unlikely that you just have one. You are welcome to get a second opinion from a urologist. If the second person finds both of them, then it can be done in the office. By cutting just one and waiting for a negative semen analysis, you could end up getting two procedures if you are still having viable sperm, so it is best to see if you can get it done completely at ONE visit.  You need to go back and see the orthopedist again.....the same one that did your original surgery or a different "knee specialist". You will likely need an MRI of the knee at some point.  Oxycodone, of course, is a potent, narcotic pain medication. His doctor must feel that he needs this level of pain control Ondansetron is used to control nausea and vomiting only. The"ODT" just means Oral Disintegrating Tablet (melts in your mouth). Oxycodone can cause nausea, but I have no idea if this is the reason his doctor prescribed it.  Not all colds are the same, and each person responds to them differently. I do not know your medical history or the type of anesthesia your dentist is planning to use, so these decisions are made on an individual basis....by the dentist. Generally, it is safe to undergo dental procedures with a cold, but the dentist will need to make that call.  Yes, a urologist can easily fix this extra-skin issue with a minor, office surgery.  I think you have a right to express your preference when it comes to medical management, but you cannot force an insurance company to automatically accept those preferences. I don't know your particular case, but you can get second opinions outside of your HMO if you are not comfortable what your health plan is proposing. It seems that that people who "pay the bills" are the one's that tend to "call the shots", but you do have rights to question those decisions.  A cold sore is herpes virus, and MRSA, of course, is a bacterial Staph infection. Because a cold sore can open the skin, it would make it more susceptable to getting a secondary infection. Hopefully, the surgeon will be taking considerable precautions so you would not catch MRSA or any other bacterial infection as a result of your procedure.  I don't have any information about your case, so it would not be possible to determine if your kidney cyst will require surgery. Only your urologist -- someone who knows your case -- can make that determination.  There is really nothing non-surgical that can permanent fix asymmetrical breast sizes. Sure, you can use padding on the smaller side to fill the gap in the bra, but that does not alter your self-image when that bra is removed. Just about every female patient that I have had over the years who underwent a breast surgery for enlargement, making them firmer after a few kids, or even having a breast reduction, are happy. Prices vary on this cosmetic procedure, but so do prices on used cars! You can spend $5000 (a guess, since the price varies) on a boob-job or $5000 a used car. The breast job does not require gasoline, insurance, or much maintenance; and will last a lifetime. The car? It will eventually fall apart. You can get a car loan to buy it....you can get a boob loan to pay for surgery if this is important to you. You will likely be glad that you did and your husband....I don't think he will be complaining very much. I know that money can be tight, but making a modest monthly payment to pay off your new breasts is really something I think most families can financially manage with a bit of planning. You had two children.....your deserve it. Many cosmetic surgeons have free consultations. Make a few appointments and take your husband with you.  I am sorry, but I cannot. Without the ability to examine you first-hand, there is really no way for me to blindly guess what is causing your pain or bleeding. Have you considered seeing a different gynecologist for an official second opinion. Since your current one has had several attempts at solving this medical puzzle, perhaps a second set of professional eyes will be more successful. Two doctor heads are better than just one in these more-challenging cases.  I don't know enough about your particular case (nothing, in fact) to know if you are a surgical candidate or not. I think it is a big jump from failure of anti-inflammatory cream to the operating room, however. A choice of specialists depends on where the nerve impingment starts. If it is in your back, a neurosurgeon or an orthopedic surgeon would be the specialist of choice.  Unfortunately, there are no effective ways to remove the scar without a surgical procedure. If you have a permanent scar since infancy, all of the creams and over-the-counter scar removal concoctions are not going to help. You will not lose the scar; just money. See a plastic surgeon or a dermatologist for a consultation. You will find that many of these cosmetic procedures are less-expensive then getting a dent fixed in your car. A plastic surgeon can literally cut out some scars in the office under a local anesthesia. A dermatologist can do the same, or use a technique called dermabrasion where the scar is more or less "sanded off" (after a local anesthesia, of course), and the body is given a second chance to heal without a scar this time. Each scar is different, so the recommended procedure may be one of these, or an entirely different approach. It does cost very much for a consultation, so consider doing it....  I am very sorry, but without knowing your medical history and the medical details of your particular case, it would be impossible for me to know why you are not healing as expected, or whether you will require surgery. I can tell you that the fibula is not a weight bearing bone, so perhaps the "torn ligaments" are you main problem now. After two months in a cast, however, you should be healed by now. Because you are not, there are several different management approaches. I know you are frustrated and I am sorry that I cannot offer you the type of patient-specific insight that you need on this forum.  You should not take medication prior to surgery without the expressed knowledge and permission of your surgeon and anesthesiologist. Some cold medications contain drugs that can speed up your heart rate and raise your blood pressure.  I don't know...that is up to surgeon and the anesthesiologist, so you will need to discuss your case individually with them. There are no set rules about this, so they will make the decision. I am surprised that you are still showing positive drug test results two months after not using marijuana....are you sure about those dates?  Your orthopedist is the boss. This is the expert that has evaluated and treated your fracture. If the ortho said that you can bear weight at two weeks, then this is what they want you to do. Incidentally, the fibula is not a weight-bearing bone. The tibia does all of the work.  If you still have one functioning ovary, a patent Fallopian tube on that side, and a welcoming uterus, you are definitely capable of conceiving and giving birth to a child...or many children. Your GYN would be the best person to discuss this issue when you are ready to plan a family. Sometimes, there are other medical considerations that may make conception more challenging, but I suspect you will not have any issues.  If the primary cause of your lower sperm count was the varicocele, then it should improve over time....but it will take longer than just ten days. You may need to wait a month or more. Assuming you are working with a fertility specialist, there are ways to concentrate lower sperm counts and do artificial insemination if it comes down to that. Be patients...things may improve, but at this point, there may be little that you can do other than "wait and see".  The incubation period for chicken pox virus (herpes) is about 2 weeks or so. Causal exposure to someone with shingles in a child who has been immunized (I don't know your child's age or if your child had one or two vaccines), is not likely to lead to a disease outbreak. Discuss it with her doctor anyway.  About 99% will heal without surgery.  You need to have you leg examined first -- not something that can be done over the Internet. If you do need treatment, like an antibiotic, this would need to be prescribed by a medical provider -- other thing that cannot be done on line.  As you know, I do not know anything about you or the details of your case/surgeries to be able to address this very important issue. My heart goes out to you. You need to find the BEST spine surgeon in your area (or even out of your area) for a high-level evaluation. Make sure to collect all of your medical records and imaging studies before seeking this second opinion.  Probably, but you get the specific "okay" from the oral surgeon since I do not know what type of anesthesia you will be getting, or your medical history.  Yes, it can be a problem. Most people having surgery are told to be NPO (Latin abbreviation for "nothing by mouth") so that would include coffee, water, and food. You are wise to follow your doctor's instructions, since aspiration of stomach contents during intubation can lead to an aspiration pneumonia. Coffee contains caffeine. Caffeine may be chemically incompatible with the type of anesthesia you may be getting.  I don't know.....I don't know the surgical method that is going to be used to treat your hemorrhoids, the extent of your hemorrhoids, not the type of work that you do. These questions would be best answered by your surgeon.  No, the stomach is likely in the right place and not put in backwards. Talk to the surgeon...there is likely another reason you are seeing this difference.  The back pain you are experiencing may have nothing to do with your scoliosis, but may have everything to do with problems in your LOWER back. I would suggest that you see a good back specialist (orthopedist) for a thorough examination.  I can't see the size or location of the basal cell, but dermatologists using MOHS surgery can remove this skin cancer relatively easy with a minimum or scarring, pain, or complications. You are only 87. Don't start packing you bags just yet. Taking it off now may be preferable to dealing with a bigger one in the future. You want to look good when Willard Scott puts your picture on television when you turn 100.  You have the right to do what you want, but does a delay really make medical sense? Are you considering this for financial or other personal reasons? I don't know why you would want to delay.... I don't know you or your case to advise you in this matter, so I strongly suggest that you take the expert advice of the urologist who is treating you, or see a second urologist for an official "second opinion".  No, but he could wear a tight t-shirt if this is concerning. A bra is really out of the question.  That would be highly-variable based on the TYPE of anesthesia you had, the amount of this drug that was used, how long you were under anesthesia, and of course, your individual ability to clear the drugs from your system. This is why people go to the recovery room...to recover from the sometimes-prolonged effects of the sedation.  Your scalp is really not connected to your brain, but your scalp is rich in sensory nerves so forceful hair-pulling may result in some residual discomfort, as you have experienced. Brain surgery 12 years ago should not preclude playful hair-pulling, but if this act causes you pain afterwards, it should be avoided no matter how much you loved it.  I recently had emergency medical care in Austria. It was my responsibility to pay the bill. I do have U.S. insurance, but have yet to receive reimbursement. In your Aunt's case with emergency surgery, she may be considered among the multitude of uninsured. I am pleased that we live in a country where someone...a visitor...without insurance or the means to pay, can get professional care that may be life-saving. I don't believe that her sponsors are financially responsible, but I am not an attorney. I would suggest that she speak with the billing department of the hospital for some advice and assistance in this matter. Since she is not a U.S. citizen and a taxpayer, I can't imagine that she would be qualified for Medicare after the fact, but hospitals often have creative financial solutions. The good news is that your Aunt received care.  This is an issue that only your urologist can (or should answer). Anytime that you see blood in the toilet, it can only be from about two sources: the urine or the bowels. Since you recently had surgery for kidney stones, you are likely to form more, so another CT scan of the kidney may be in your future, especially since you are in pain. Even tiny kidneys stones can cause severe pain if they are lodge in the ureter, so it would be best not to ignore these symptoms and consult your urologist. If you cannot see your urologist quickly, then an emergency room visit is appropriate. They will most likely order an immediate CT scan of the kidney with your history and symptoms. I have "been there and done that" (stent and all), so my heart goes out to you.  You should tell BOTH your surgeon and your anesthesiologist about your marijuana use. A routine urine sample is not a drug test, but your surgical team MUST have this information, so be open and honest.  You will need to get the specific "okay" from the surgeon, since I do not know how many sutures you will have, where the mole was located on your penis, or even how fast you heal as an individual.  Ovaries are not surgically removed and then put back. Ovarian cysts are on the outside of the ovaries in most cases, so only the cyst is remove. Your ovarian cysts should have nothing to do with your thyroid problem, but that would require a thorough investigation by your endocrinologist.  It could be, but I don't have enough (none, in fact) about your surgery. What kind did you have? Did you have any blood loss? Are you anemic? It is always best to consult your surgeon or primary care medical provider if you are experiencing post-surgical fatigue.  There is often some free bleeding during an abdominal procedure, and this free blood can migrate South, through the inguinal canal directly to your scrotum. This could be one reason for the discoloration. The swollen penis defies and easy explanation, since I can't examine you, and I hope that you will not try to post a picture! I don't believe it is really to the catheter use. There are some strange things that happen in the OR after you fall asleep, so I hope that you were not accidentally traumatized by someone leaning their elbow on your junk to rest. As a novice student in the operating room, I once leaned my arm for an extended period on his thigh. The next day when I made round to ask about his abdominal incision, he said it was fine, but his thigh was killing him. When I was 22, I was under general anesthesia to get my wisdom teeth extracted. I ended up with a huge bruise from my buttocks to my thigh. I suspect I accidentally fell off of their operating table, but no one said a word. The mystery still haunts me. During your post-op visit, you need to show the condition of your genitals to your surgeon for a patient-specific explanation (I don't know the type of surgery you had). My guess is that time will return your genitals to their normal, appearance soon. It may be a while before you can proudly pose nude for a magazine. I hope that your surgery went well and you are now on the road to recovery.  There is absolutely no medical reason for you to be circumcised as a 70 year old male. Your minor urinary incontinence and urgency after prostate surgery is common and circumcision will not change this issue. I seriously doubt you will find a urologist willing to subject to this procedure.  Most likely. An injectable anesthetic, like lidocaine (like novacaine) is used for most dental procedures requiring surgery, but you would need to ask the dentist first-hand, what he/she will be using.  There is really no way to specifically and accurately address this question without an examination, so I would strongly suggest that you see a urologist, or the surgeon that performed your surgery. There can be many types of intrascrotal masses......hernias, hydroceles, varicoceles, spermatoceles, cysts, or even tumors. Properly identifying your sack of fluid is essential, either by examination, ultrasound, or both.  Here is some basic information to start, including some wonderful reference sites: http://www.webmd.com/brain/post-polio-syndrome Every person with PPS is different, so there risks would also be unique to them. You are having various connective tissue problems, like a torn rotator cuff, but as you know, this can happen to people who do not have PPS (myself, included). When having surgery, it would be good for your doctor to be familiar with PPS, or you may have to educate him.  Not a blood test, but a DNA swab from the inside of your cheeks or saliva can determine if you have male or female chromosomes. If a person has a sex change -- surgically and hormonally challenged -- the chromosomes do not change, nor can they be changed. The Olympics uses this type of test to determine eligibility to compete.  Not a clue. You would have to specifically ask this surgeon why he/she is making this odd recommendation.  That is up to her cardiologist...there is no set time since every person is different when it comes to recovery. Before starting ANY strenuous exercise regime, especially after having a bypass, your mother will need to be cleared to do so. Often, an echocardiogram and a treadmill test is needed.  Yes, I am sure you can find an orthopedic (hand) surgeon willing to do take a crack at it (no pun intended), but you could be asking for more trouble than it is worth. In order to get a better cosmetic result, it will require a re-break and perhaps, a pinning of the metacarpal in order to straighten out the bent digit. The orthopedist will tell you the pros and cons, and hopefully, your insurance company will be agreeable to paying for it.  You have no risk now....the only risk for developing a testicular cancer would be in the testicle that was removed when you were 16. Your other testicle is quite important now, so please do a routine testicular self-exam when you take a shower. Any lumps should be brought to the attention of your medical provider. Your remaining testicle is not at any increased risk because of your past history....no more than the rest of men of your age.  Assuming you are completely cured, the answer would be no, but it would still be wise to practice safe sex. Since HPV can cause anal cancer, it would be prudent for you to have a very careful cancer-screening examination on a regular basis by a proctologist or gastroenterologist. This specialist would be the person who could give you a patient-specific answer...that you are disease-free.  I don't have enough information to answer that question, but my guess would be NO. You would need to ask your surgeon and the anesthesia team that question personally. I don't know what kind of surgery you are having, but the anesthesiologist (or your surgeon) may not want any other drugs of this nature in your system while you are sedated.  You should ALWAYS tell your anesthesiologist and surgeon about your marijuana use. Let them decide if your occasional use is significant or not.  I don't have enough details about your case to comment, but testicles that do not descend by age 6-8 years old can be very problematic. I would suggest that you see your medical provider or a urologist for a careful examination and some diagnostic tests to determine what is going on in your case.  Of course......getting your ears pierced is a personal choice, and a medical necessity. By definition, this is elective. Insurance companies do not pay for these cosmetic procedures.  Shingles are caused by the herpes virus. Cold sores are also caused by the herpes virus. Canker sores and HPV are NOT herpetic  Should you be concerned? Yes, if you are not able to eat without vomiting. You should discuss this with the GI specialist and give your acid reflux treatment a specific timeline. There are many different treatments, so perhaps you need a different medication, or at some point, consider surgery even if it appears to be small.  I can't examine you to determine the extent of your umbilical hernia, so surgery may only be cosmetic. It is really up to you to get it fixed, butif it is a particular big and bulging one, this may be an approach to consider. Talk to a general surgeon -- someone who repairs these -- for patient-specific advice.  Sperm do not swim backwards, but a man can have a condition called "retrograde ejaculations" where semen goes into the bladder instead of the penis. Your husband should be carefully examined by a urologist, and then you should both see a fertility specialist.  Talk to your surgeon, but it is not unusual to have some leakage of blood under the skin or subcutaneous tissue "south" of the surgical incision, that could involve the penis or scrotal area. Blame it on gravity. This would look like a deep bruise. It may be red af first, but then turns a bluish-purple as the body reabsorbs the blood.  One in 12 men have a varicoceles and nearly all of them are painless. Surgery is rarely needed unless there is a change in the size (smaller) of one or both of your testicles, if your fertility has been affected, or if a particularly large varicocele is causing discomfort. A urologist should be consulted for a consultation.  You can locate your doctor through the state medical board that licenses her. Many times, this information is available on line. If this doctor still works in the same state, you will be able to locate her. If she has moved out of state, it may be a moot point unless a patient is willing to move to this new area. The Internet is also a great way to find anyone if you know how to do this type of search. Because of continuity of care issues, the medical facility is really required to give you copies of all medical records, but that may not be required to give the new address. You can try mailing a letter that has "Personal and Confidential" on the envelope to see if it gets forwarded to her.  I have never heard that dogs get influenza, nor need flu vaccines. Dogs do need several different immunizations, but as far as I know, influenza isn't one of them.  See a podiatrist. Yes, a new x-ray is in order, or perhaps even a more detail imaging (like an MRI). Before worrying about surgery or other treatments, you must first have a diagnosis .  It would be for me, and I am facing a third, rotator cuff repair. I would suggest that you get an official "second opinion" from a shoulder expert before having this procedure....not all orthopedic surgeons practice the same way or recommend the same type of repair.  Do you have a particular question? Please re-post a question, providing as much information as you can about this lung issue.  I'm no expert, but it sounds like nerve damage to me. That can happen with a surgery in that area. If you have a loss or lowering of sensation, I would highly suspect nerve damage. It's definitely something to speak to the surgeon about.  I'd say it was pretty unlikely due to atrophy of muscles, but it all really depends on what causes her inability to walk in the first place. The legs get pretty weak if you don't walk on them for twenty two years. If she has a small amount of functionality, maybe she could work up from there, but there isn't enough information here to tell.  Here's an article on cirrhosis: http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/tc/cirrhosis-topic-overview It says that cirrhosis can have many causes, not just drinking: Long-term, heavy use of alcohol. Chronic viral hepatitis . Autoimmune diseases, such as autoimmune hepatitis or primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC). Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) . Blocked bile ducts. A disease called primary biliary cirrhosis develops when the ducts that carry bile out of the liver become inflamed and blocked. Inherited diseases, such as Wilson's disease , cystic fibrosis , or hemochromatosis . I wish you the best.  My arthritis took 5 years before it showed up on an X-ray. My one hand hurt despite no proof, and the doctor gave me Meloxicam 15 Mg Tab to take because I also have arthritis in my left knee. (I take it at night only.) X-rays don't necessarily work to the depth we expect them to, in my opinion. But my doctor knows this.  My best friend just went through this, an amputation immediately below the knee. The surgery is extremely painful but docs give morphine; my friend quit the morphine after 2 days because he didn't like not knowing what was going on. He is still recovering & it's been 2 months in the hospital. The healing process & therapies involved take time, and it's a big challenge to learn to live with the prosthesis. But, if the amputation is necessary, go for it because after 6 months it's easier to live with & the reason for the amputation is gone.  This would definitely be a good reason to contact your surgeons office immediately. It may be a post op comlication but let your doctor decide that. Please review your post op home instructions. There should be a number for you to call.  I was told by my bariatric team including all physicians that I would no longer be able to take Aleve/Advil. I have recently used Tylenol with success. Apparently, using products with ibuprophen causes ulcers?!  There are techniques for penile enlargement surgery what that involves, you really dont enlarge the penis but what you really do is change perception. There is a ligament that holds the penis up and when you cut it drops down, and it can actually increase in length a quarter of an inch or half an inch, not enough to even be significant. But theres risks with that. Then theres techniques where they can inject fat along the penis to try to make it look bigger. But even if you look at interviews with hundreds of men who have these penile enlargement procedures, almost all of them are disasters, theyre unhappy, they dont like how it turned out and time and again the interviews almost always ended with the man saying, I wish I never did this, avoid it at all costs, its not what you think. Complications are horrible, imagine if you get an infection down there -- the scarring, the misery, chronic pain, curvature that cant be corrected. Most men that opt for penile enlargement surgery using current technologies are very, very unhappy. Its really not a wise thing to do.  The side effects of surgery are significant. Youre investing a lot up front with the highest risks up front for the potential long-term benefit, 10, 15, 20 years down the road. The nerves that cause erections travel right alongside the prostate, theres the potential that those nerves could be injured. If that happens, you could see problems with erections as far as quality or no erections at all. The great news is that With new techniques we can actually now preserve those nerves so that men have a much higher likelihood of having normal erections, and with the medications that are now available, the combination of the group surgery techniques and medications, sexual dysfunction really should not be a major concern for prostate patients.  This can take many many months to even a few years. You need to continue the use of Cialis and keep the erections happening, however you bring them on, several times each week. The more you use that area and get the blood flowing and the nerves working, the sooner and better the erections. This is called penile rehab. And for some men, they may need some help forever with Cialis or similar medications.  I know you dont want to hear "see a doctor" but your wife's condition may be very very serious. With her history of cancer and surgery i would definately take her in to see a doctor. It is much better to be safe than sorry.  Is this applicable to an individual with Parkinson's?  was wanting my answer from an MD expert  I have no idea what this is but I think you should go get it checked out just to make sure nothing bad is happening to you or has happened to you yet.  Prednisone definitely causes swelling and minimal weight gain. You should call your surgeon and ask to either cut your dosage in half or consider a different medication  Soma or Carisoprodol is a generic drug and is used for the treatment of muscle pain and muscle injury. It is used by the person who is suffering from muscle sprain and pain. You can from chemist shop or online at  When a patient responds by forming keloid scars, there is a greater than average chance that this will continue to occur. I assume that, as you mention she has been given treatments that included shots, she has access to a physician who can help you make an appropriate decision in this regard. Surgery is not as good an option for your wife, but you should discuss both microdermabrasion and laser resurfacing with your wife's doctor. Both are better alternatives, and work by focusing on the over-development of collagen that is the key problem with keloid scarring.  Your prior history should be taken in to account. A thorough exam of your face by your maxillofacial surgeon should exclude any potential problems (infection or loose plates) below your skin surface. Once this information is determined, you should be able to proceed with laser hair removal. For extra caution, first laser only a small test area.  Stretch marks occur from disruption in the underlying dermal support of the skin. Topical medications that contain tretinoin are designed to increase cell turnover and encourage new collagen deposition. Lasers work by targeting and subsequently tightening the dermis and encouraging new cell growth. A combination of topical products and lasers may improve less severe stretch marks. But more severe stretch marks are less likely to respond to nonsurgical approaches. Stretch marks are weaknesses in the supporting structure of the skin, causing layers of the skin (dermis) to separate, and leaving the skin grooved and discolored. Stretch marks develop when the skin is excessively stretched during pregnancy, weight gain, or growth spurts. They are most common during pregnancy and the teen years, when growth spurts and increased levels of steroid hormones cause significant changes throughout the body. Stretch marks can also be brought on by obesity. Genetic factors, including inherited defects of connective tissues, also play a role. Prevention is the key. To avoid stretch marks, avoid rapid weight gain or loss. Moisturize daily when pregnant. There is no exact cure for stretch marks; however, products containing glycolic acids, tretinoin, or vitamin C help towards rebuilding the structure of your skin. For a more invasive option, consider laser resurfacing. Lasers work by stimulating collagen synthesis. For severe stretch marks, you may want to consider evaluation by a plastic surgeon for surgical removal.  There are some creams that contain caffeine that help decrease the size of the blood vessels. It may help diminish the appearance of your existing blood vessels. Preventing the formation of more spider veins is easy if you protect your skin from the sun with sunscreen and vitamin antioxidants A, C, and E, as well as having a healthy lifestyle.  I had my ovaries/tubes and cyst the size of a Racquet ball removed in February. I did not have this type of bleeding, I actually didn't bleed at all from it. You should go to the dr to get it checked out.  You may have impacted ear wax like my fiance. You may need to go to your doctor and have your ears flushed out. They will remove all of the built up wax and clean out any residue that may be left. Im no Doctor but his father has had to do this multiple times but he never has any problems with it! Hope this helps!  Most doctors would suggest home remedies for external hemorrhoids somewhere along the lines of your question. There is a suggestion to use a small string, rather than a rubber band. Almost like a turniqete, you tie the string around it, not too tight but not too lose. To cut blood flow off to it.  Here is some information on that I think will answer your question. You may also want to chat with your surgeon about your own case. The WebMD Answers Staff  In this information about the , there is a section on who is a candidate. It doesn't mention anyting about age here, so I'd think the best advice would be to talk to your doctor about the options that would work best for you. Good luck with your weight loss! The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is some information that I hope will be helpful to you and your daughter as she waits to see her doctor: The WebMD Answers Staff  Hemorrhoid surgery is effective in most cases. However, it's important to eat a high-fiber diet, maintain good hygiene, and avoid becoming constipated, which can cause new hemorrhoids to form.  If you have exhausted other osteoarthritis treatment options and still experience knee pain, you should speak with your doctor about the possibility of knee replacement, also called arthroplasty. It can help reduce your pain and improve your ability to move. Knee replacement surgery involves removing all or part of the knee joint and replacing the damaged parts with an artificial joint. These are made of metals and plastics. Although it may take months to recover fully, depending on the extent of your surgery, the relief it provides can last many years or even a lifetime. It may be time to have knee replacement surgery if you have: Severe knee pain that limits your everyday activities Moderate or severe knee pain while resting, day or night Chronic knee inflammation and swelling that doesnt improve with rest or medications Knee deformity: a bowing in or out of your leg Knee stiffness: inability to bend and straighten your knee No pain relief from NSAIDs. Or if you: Cant walk more than a few blocks without significant pain Need a cane or walker Dont improve with other treatments Cant tolerate pain medications.  Don't know  remove the tape very slowly  probably not  don't know  No,No,NO! Suboxone is not strong enough for surgery!!!! Believe me I know! You must talk to your doctor about going of Suboxone about two weeks prior to your surgery, get use to a mild opiate because baby let me tell to you something; " I freaked out when I woke up in the recovery room after my surgery. They had to put me on a morphine pump for two day before I could settle for "I think it was percepts" for 4 weeks later. It is not that doctors or Surjans are stupid, but they do not realize that your tolerance level has increased for an opiate based drug for a long time. Also be friendly and curtious to the doctor and staff. I agreed to have students watch my surgery, so it made it eazer to talk to a multitude of people about my situation when I was in extreme pain! Good Luck, and Let God's Grace and Peace be a pond you Zion lo For_My_Friends_In_Need_777@gmx.com  my mother has had to have multiple surgeries for her carpal tunnel in her wrists over the years. my guess is that yes it can come back. but i'd say talk to your doctor  I have cysts on both my ovaries like beaded bracelets around both and both my tubes are fine yet my gynecologist told me that i wud never be able to conceive naturally as the egg is broken down by the time it leaves the ovaries to get fertilized and travel down the tube and into the uterus it will break away to nothing, or at worst if it did manage to be fertilized i wud most likely miscarry I was pregnant in 2005 and i miscarried at 7 weeks and haven't has another pregnancy since, there are alot of advancements now, surgery to untwist the tubes, and if the cysts are big enough they can be lazer'd off there will be some way around it there is also tablets now u can take prescribed from ur Gynae that can make u more fertile.  My husband also has this. I would get back to the doctor. He ended up with a blood clot that went to his lung. Not saying this is happening to you, but worth checking out. We are 4 weeks post-op and have lots of complications. If you are uncomfortable, then it is worth checking out.  Hi, I don't think there is really a 'safe' amount of time. Don't put it off, go see your doctor if you're suffering any symptoms that could mean surgery. There are so many advances today that make these surgeries less complicated and recovery faster. Good luck!  Mri is your best bet to find the exact problem xrays only take picture of bone. There aren't too many options with a herniated disc, but a great chiropractor is my first option for me personally. They can help ease the pain, lessen the stress, and if they are good enough they can fix the problem.  Argon laser trabeculoplasty lowers the pressure in the eye about 75% of the time. If excessive scar tissue forms after laser trabeculoplasty for open-angle glaucoma, other surgery may be needed. That may be your issue with having to take eye drops. There really is not 100% of anything; However, you can take steps help yourself in the process. Take a look at these at your convenience. http://www.webmd.com/eye-health/understanding-glaucoma-treatment http://www.webmd.com/eye-health/laser-trabeculoplasty-for-glaucoma  Try DMG. acts on muscles. runners ,cyclists and marathoners. use it. Enhances muscles . No side effects not habit forming, very cheap. Use the foil pack sublingual.  songmp3mp4.com http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-galliyan-full-audio-song.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/fifa-world-cup-2014-theme-song-mp3-dare.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/galiyan-full-hd-video-song-download.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/eminem-feat-nate-ruess-headlights-mp3.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-hindi-movie-2014-mp3-song.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/humshakals-piya-ke-bazaar-mein-full-hd.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-movie-mp3-full-song-free.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/piya-ke-bazaar-mein-mp3-songs-download.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/humpty-sharma-ki-dulhania-full-mp3.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/yeh-fugly-fugly-kya-hai-song-mp3.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/fugly-hindi-movie-full-title-song-mp3.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/phacebook-pyaar-full-mp3-song-kuku.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/rajinikanth-kochadaiyaan-2014-mp3-and.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/bobby-jasoos-hindi-mp3-movie-songs-full.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/kick-movie-song-full-mp3-download.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/heropanti-movie-full-mp3-songs-free.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/blame-night-mp3-song-download-holiday.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/pizza-2014-hindi-movie-full-mp3-songs.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/romeo-juliet-2014-bengali-movie-full.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/mon-chuye-dekho-full-hd-video-song.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ill-be-waiting-kabhi-jo-baadal-video.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/caller-tune-full-mp3-song-download.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/dama-dam-mast-kalandar-mp3-song.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/download-ragini-mms-2-chaar-botle-vodka.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/download-ragini-mms-2-movie-full-mp3.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/disco-singh-punjabi-movie-songs-mp3.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/yaariyan-full-mp3-movie-songs-2014-free.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/baby-doll-remix-hd-videomp3-song.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/dama-dam-mast-kalandar-mp3-song.html http://www.songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/queen-hindi-songs-mp3-movie-video-songs.html HotSongsPk.com http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/eminem-headlights-ft-nate-ruess-mp3-and.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/kick-movie-song-full-mp3-download.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/bobby-jasoos-hindi-mp3-movie-songs-full.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/rajinikanth-kochadaiyaan-2014-mp3-and.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/phacebook-pyaar-full-mp3-song-kuku.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/fugly-hindi-movie-full-title-song-mp3.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/yeh-fugly-fugly-kya-hai-song-mp3.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/humpty-sharma-ki-dulhania-full-mp3.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/piya-ke-bazaar-mein-mp3-songs-download.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/humshakals-piya-ke-bazaar-mein-full-hd.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/galliyan-full-hd-video-song-download.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/galliyan-mp3-song-download-galliyan.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/fifa-world-cup-2014-theme-song-mp3-dare.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/ek-villain-galliyan-full-audio-song.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/lekar-hum-deewana-dil-hindi-full-movie.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/caller-tune-full-mp3-song-download.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/mon-chuye-dekho-full-hd-video-song.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/romeo-juliet-2014-bengali-movie-full.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/pizza-2014-hindi-movie-full-mp3-songs.html http://www.hotsongspk.com/2014/05/blame-night-mp3-song-download-holiday.html onlyandroidapk.com http://onlyandroidapk.com/fifa-14-full-unlocked-apkdata/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/godzilla-smash3-mod-apk/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/dream-league-soccer-1-57-mod-apkdata-unlimited-gold-coins-download/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/fifa-14-full-unlocked-apk/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/how-to-install-android-games-from-pc-to-your-phone/  It might be that you are ovulating? That usually happens 10-13 days after the first day of your last period.  From what I've seen on the weight loss shows, a lot of times people have to have surgery to remove the excess skin - but I think it has to do with age, genetics, how elastic your skin is, etc...  Pain after total knee replacement. Knee was done in May, 2010, and had 4 weeks rehab in a nursing home type facility. Rehab was very successful with total use and movement of knee. Within the next few months I was experiencing swelling and pain on the outside of the knee with what feels like a knot of nerves that swell, turn blue, and hurt like crazy. Icing it helps - but only temporarily. It seems to be getting worse as time goes on and I am getting no answers or help from either my GP or the orthopedic m.d. who did the surgery. Is this something that "just happens" to the nerves surrounding the knee after replacement surgery? Can anything be done now to help this pain?  I have had bouts with chronic hiccups my entire life, until I found a permanent over-the-counter medicine that cured them for me and keep me from ever getting them anymore (and I am in my mid-40's).  I wouldn't do anything but see a Dr immediately. Sorry for not being any help.  same thing the docs told my sister eat right walk(extra size) on day to day bases and do squats..  no  you should of had physical therapy see the surgeon  Everyone goes through post opt, they check everything before surgey, my best guess is no, because you will go under general anesthesia you can not be sick. Confirm this with your doctor.  With the passage of time people who elect to have a tubal ligation come to the realization and they wish to have a procedure which helps them to increase another member to their family. No doubt, tubal reversal is expensive procedure but there are always possible ways available in which a person can get financial help. You just need to explore them. First consult with your insurance company that will pay or not for a part or all of the tubal ligation reversal procedure. Most of health insurance may not pay for your tubal ligation reversal surgery as it is considered an elective procedure, so in this case you should apply for financing with a health care credit company such as CareCredit or MedChoice. Personally I would recommend Care Credit because it provides flexible patient financing to help you afford the care you need. CareCredit pays for medical procedures upfront and allows you to pay back the loan in small monthly payments without any interest. Now if you are looking for a doc who accept CareCredit payment method! The best option is to find a doctor you are considering and then ask about the financing options they offer such as Dr.Morice and many other doctors accept CareCredit for this procedure. I have find a article on a website regarding tubal reversal financing that Dr.Morice offers both tubal reversal financing and fee option. If you need further information about financing you can contact them at Or also can read this insurance and financing post: http://www.tubal-reversal-surgery.net/tubal-reversal-cost  Vitamins are not regulated like perscriptions. I would advise against taking vitamins as a substitute for blood thinners. Vitamin K IS a known to thin blood, however it does not necessarly absorb like a prescription blood thinner. I would not take the chance.   I am not an MD but I am a retired RN. I am also a chronic pain patient. I don't agree with much of the other answer but I will agree with the aspect of the other answer that your body has become dependent on the pain medication at this point. Some people may use the word addicted. That does not mean just because your body is "dependent" on the medication that you are addicted in the sense that you abuse the medication. Everyone who is decreased or weaned off their medication is not given methadone or other withdrawal drugs similar to it. You can be slowly weaned down. Just because the other person answering had an experience of using drugs to the point they needed methadone(or their Dr felt they did) doesn't mean everyone else does. My MD has weaned my pain med dose in half after he changed some of my other medications and it worked very well. I saw him every 2 weeks. He wrote a prescription each time for a titrated decreased dose. I stuck with what he prescribed. Started on the news meds. Lyrica for one. Discontinued other meds, like paxil and nuerontin for two. Stuck with the plan. A person does not have to go through drug rehab in a hospital or use methadone or suboxone to lower their dosage. Just have an honest discussion with your doctor about all your medications and what you might be able to try different. Have you been on some of them a long time and is it worth it to make change to see if something new will work better? I did not change doctors, this is same doctor I was already seeing. This was something I approached him about and we discussed and tried, although I was nervous about it. Most chronic pain pts are low risk for drug abuse. Most don't take more than the prescribed dose, Dr shop, commit pharmacy diversion, or go to the streets or internet to buy extra drugs or get extra prescription pain killers from friends or family that have some. I know very well what drug addiction looks like. I did get sick at one point from side effects of one new medicines we tried. I went to an ER where they treated me poorly and I wonder now if it was because they think I was a drug addict even though I did not one time ask for a pain medicine or anything of the like.  In response to the new contributors here. It is extremely hard to deal with a chronic pain condition. Especially to deal with the lovely healthcare givers among you that you would expect to be the caring ones. Like the loving caring Husband I met in Nursing school that made vow before God 25 years ago. Lived a christian life. But since I can't live up to being the wife he needs he has made up his mind that he needs he needs a divorce. i tell you who in this life wants to live in pain or laying in bed in pain or take any medicines like cymbalta or lyrica or pain meds that make you tired. Or fibro that makes you tired and less then able to function intellectually and physically like you once could. BUT thank you web MD for mentioning Dr Patrick Wood in one of your articles on Fibro and I was able to find him in a clinic in Mississippi. I hope I can get in to see him before my husband divorces me and I lose insurance coverage. For anyone who reads this please pray for me please pray. i am calling out to anyone who hears me. Please anyone out there don't give up looking for new treatments. they are coming closer now then they were 20 years ago or 10 years ago and believe there is HOPE. never ever give up. It is so important to never give up. Giving up hope never helps anything at all.  I forgot to add to what fibrochon was saying about TYLENOL. i truly believe I would not have NASH had I not used so much of it and the over the counter NSAIDS to help my pain prior to my diagnosis. and that is a fact. My liver enzymes now have been within normal limits for years despite all the prescriptions medicines i take.  I too have a torn ACL and a bad meniscus. I find that the best ab exercises for me are regular crunches, six inches, planks, and leg lifts. I would stay away from the bicycle crunches, but that's the only ab exercise that has caused me knee pain.  it feels as if it is trying to pass my stone in the last 3 " in my ureter. when attempting to squeeze out the last amount of urine it hurt a bit and some blood came out. Is this normal during the passing process?  If the area is not cleaned and dried properly and daily, the folds of the skin may overlap the scar and become infected with gaps in the would d remaining open to bacteria and body secretions.  ive had 2 etopic pregnancies and ever since then i have been getting missed periods also late periods and i have gladly thought at the time that yes its a miracle and then sadness because my period was just late.. Now i truly believe in miracles especially if you only had one tubal pregnancy and still have the other tube intact yes you can become pregnent again but be careful your pregnancies are considered high risk so make sure that if you come out positive in a test go see your GYN immediately and explain your tragedy and he will take it from there. my mistake was not seeking medical attention immediately after finding that im pregnant again and it turned out to be another tubal.. but miracles do happen just strongly believe in it. Good Luck and God Bless  Check with your ENT... could be something to do with the sinus'.  According to a book I have it's one twelfth of the body weight. So about 11 pints for the average person.  I would recommend seeing a podiatrist if you haven't already seen one. Maybe special insoles made specifically for you could help. My husband had insoles made for him. It takes a while for your feet to adjust but will help if recommended for you.  Tramadol  No! you need at least 4 weeks to heal. After surgery you cant use your hand without signifigant pain, bending & using fingers is difficult. you will be helpless if you dont have a hand to do every day things like wiping after using the toilet! I had both hands done 3 weeks apart & returned to work 3 weeks later..had to take an additional 3 weeks off. Give it plenty of time to heal. The Dr. told me 6 weeks is needed.  I don't agree with the 1st answer and the judgement that you are an addict - a word used for people with chronic pain way to often. The 2nd person certainly knows more. My 39 yr old daughter who was under the care of a legitimate pain mgmt. doctor died on Christmas, 2012. She had to be drug tested at every appointment and didn't get any pain pills from another source. She was doing the right thing. But, since the EMTs (majority are wonderful) saw her medication by her bed where she was so ill, immediately assumed she was an addict and had overdosed and treated her with that in mind. Her husband was there and couldn't convinced them otherwise. An autopsy was performed and cause of death was because of violent vomiting, her colon twisted and then her bowel perforated. You have people who do understand your anger. It is time that not everyone with chronic pain is considered an addict because it isn't true. No one should be humilated and made to feel they have done something wrong.  temedol is for cancer patients i have had swelling on brain before and was never perscribed temedol   I had my right knee replaced 11 months ago. The surgeon will take several images of your thigh, knee and leg and send scans off to some place that will design a customize replacement just for your knee . Mine was made of stainless steel. My doctor had an actual one to show me in his office. So I do not think that anything else would be changed. I asked a half dozen friends the name of the surgeon who replaced their knee, and chose the doctor most frequently mentioned ( of course I asked if they would use him/her again if needed). During my in-house physical therapy, I met 3 patients who had both knees replaced . Jokingly I added that it sound like a crazy thing to do. The responses were , since each knew that the other one would eventually need replacing: 1. for insurance reasons 2. to minimize time taken off from work Hope this helps, and good luck P.S. Since my right knee was replaced, it took several weeks before I could drive my car. You might want to take this into consideration.   When I went to a pain management center, I was given a series of steroid injections(3) and Norco (Hydrocodone). Receiving no relief, the doc increased the dosage of pills. Are you taking the maximum strength 10-325mg? Next I went to a different doc who took a CT scan and discovered I had Spinal Stenosis which was the cause of the pain. A pain management center can not do anything for that. A neurologist can address that problem. Good luck!  Im so sorry you have to go through the pain,been there and doing that! I am 23 and I have been in intense pain since I was 12.For years my gyno said it was endometriosis even though anytime he would do surgery to remove it, it wasn't severe enough to cause the amount of pain i would still be in and he just said I was a baby with pain and i was faking. I was 12! 10 years later i moved to California and sought another opinion from a new gyno. She gave me a PUF test,which is a questionairre for bladder pain. You have to score low on this test to be normal,i scored extremely high and she referred me to a urologist. He took one look at it and asked me if i had ever heard of interstitial cystitis. He scheduled me for a cystoscopy with hydrodistention. He said the previous dr who had done a cystoscopy didn't diagnose me because he didn't do the hydro. Turns out I have severe interstital cystitis. I have no lining on my bladder and i have bleeding ulcers. I've had to change everything about my lifestyle. If i would have been diagnosed sooner,i wouldn't be this bad off. Hopefully you don't have this horrible disease, but i hope this helps a little. You can email me at erinmariegoodfriend@yahoo.com if you have any questions or just need to talk!:)  I have had a few surgeries in my lifetime. Asprin itself is a blood thinner, and I have had surgeons tell me that ANYTHING with asprin is bad. I wouldn't risk taking it.  My attempt to find a new PCP has resulted in my pain meds being cut in half as yours have. I hurt prior to taking pain meds due to FMS/CF, Broken ankle, bad back etc. 1st new Dr. looked at my chart and exclaimed "Fibromyalgia! They don't know very much about that!" I was diagnosed 11 yrs ago. He put me on a meds contract, again, then proceeded to dismiss what he read about my history in my medical records of 32 yrs. Told me to lose some weight and threatened to have me dismissed from the medical facility if he found out I had gone to another Dr. to attempt getting more pain meds or I tried to refill my script early. Then walked out of the room with a parting comment of "I'm just trying to help you live longer" Now, When a practicing physician disregards a diagnosis of a recognized chronic disorder from a fellow Dr. due to his ignorance, and then changes what has allowed someone the ability to function for the last 5 years being beneficial? When Doctors stop practicing in the medical profession do they know everything? Does increasing pain levels really be beneficial to his patients? Or is he covering his butt due to the new regulations on pain medications! A second attempt with another Dr. with the request for 1 additional pill a day was refused." My type of arthritis pain won't be helped with this type of pain med" was his pretzel logic and he also refused to acknowledge my FMS/CF as a health issue. The pain meds were working prior to their reduction. If Dr's where worried about addiction, why did it suddenly become all inclusive with so many people with pain issues. Chronic health issues are for life. Reducing or weaning off pain meds won't stop someone hurting from a chronic condition. Constant, increased pain from the condition, that was the basis for the pain meds being prescribed in the first place, will result in the patients inability to function as they have in the past, will increase their chances for depression, and paint a pretty grim future for them. OK, Let's go with the "To much Tylenol theory!. The prescription pain meds have less Tylenol as the Hydrocodone increases. Vicodin 5/500, Lortab 7.5/750, Norco 10/325. Take away the Hydrocodone and people will start taking otc Tylenol at 500 mg tabs to help reduce the increased pain. How much sense does that make? Start taking NISAIDS? If they worked why would I need the hydrocodone? I already tried that. How about the Medical Profession and Dr's stop BSin patients and explain the real reason this has become an issue. Dr's are afraid of getting their hands slapped or god forbid, have to pay a fine due the Governments abstract strategy on reducing street drug abuse. Legit pain sufferers should not be punished due to the actions of street drug dealers. OH, by the way, I haven't gone through withdrawal due to my addiction to my pain meds, but I sure due hurt a lot and am not looking forward to the future. I have had 3 family members commit suicide due to depression issues. Let's get honest here.  when i had a tubal, the gas pains were terrible in my shoulder.they told me to buy some gas x.only problem was, it made me pass gas all day which would have been fine but i worked closely with 3 men. lol my personal opinion is to rub and try to keep moving the area having the gas pains. like burping a baby :) feel well soon.  if you are young enough fusion surgery is good but if you are older most likely your bones are to brittle for a good turn out and maybe you should look into spinal cord stimulator.  I am 54 and i had a TKR in 2001 best thing ever happen to me My doc that did my dc had me put no weight for 6 weeks like i had broke bone. no cast did my rehab at home 3 times a day for 4 wks my knee still gets very stiff when i set in one place for over a few mins  This also happens to my girlfriend, the doctor told her she needed more iron in her blood, this worked, but whenever she stopped taking iron pills she got dizzy and had headaches again. so probably a good diet with lots of iron.  No that I know of. I had that issue a number of years ago and based on the recommendations of my personal doc and the speciaist she referred, I had the procedure that removed it and cleared my sinuses unbelievably well.  I think you feel bloated most of the times. This may be due to lack of thyroid hormones, which may cause some other symptoms like sluggishness, fatigue, constipation, etc. If you have a confirmed diagnosis of thyroid deficiency, better consult a endocrinologist/family physician who will put you on appropriate medicine like Synthroid (Levothyroxine), this will better your condition for sure.  Acetaminophen is not addictive in the same sense that narcotics or steroids can be. However, it would appear that he has become dependent on it. The first thing I would point out is that acetaminophen is a liver toxin, so taking it on a daily basis for that long may be doing significant harm at the same time it is relieving his pain. If he has severe enough pain to need daily relief, he needs to find out the cause. Pain is merely a symptom, so taking a pain reliever is only treating the symptom, rather than dealing with root cause.  could be a local infection. you may want to see a doctor.  my grandma had this surgery the doc said she would be bed ridden without it .  see your primary doctor for an appointment.  I had a full replacement 15 years ago & it's still doing well .Because of COPD I don't walk a long way with it. I am a avid golfer with a cart & the knee is just fine.  I would find out why the first one did not heal right and get that straightened out first before i dealt with the other foot getting the removal and not healing right.  HPV is transmitted via skin to skin contact, so you will transmit them. Also, there are a number of different strains of HPV. But a few very important points: if someone has been exposed to the virus, they will always be a carrier. Removing the warts does NOT remove the HPV. And most importantly, thought the cauliflower warts are unattractive and uncomfortable, HPV does not have any other effects on men that I know of. There are a few particular strains of HPV that make women more susceptible to cervical cancer, but as neither you nor your partner have a cervix the biggest danger of HPV is a nonissue. But do double check on this with your doctor! Good luck with your surgeries!  There is no way around this. You need to contact you GP. Make certain you are honest with what you have been doing with the weed. I am not going to speculate what has happened. Good Luck and please be grateful that you have had your mitral valve replaced.  What's at work when a person's ammonia levels are 2X what is normal. Toxicity drug interaction: seizure meds and anti-biotic? What is this?  I had a hysterectomy on 10/17/13 and ran a slight fever for the first week after my surgery. I was told by my obgyn that it was normal to run a slight fever after surgery. Feel better soon, and get plenty of rest and drink plenty of fluids.  it's true. I've heard this also.  It is hard to determine if it is shingles from your description. Look up pictures and descriptions online and see if your symptoms are similar and it isn't necessary to see a doctor as you will know if you have shingles or not. One of the better treatments that is cost efficient is l-lysine which is an amino acid and has been statistically proven to help reduce outbreak period. Hope this helps  Did you ever figure out what was causing your problems? I have the exact same issues and docs can't find anything. I've had blood work ups, stress test, ekg, echo, and even some gastro work ups.  Well update; my heart Dr ordered a ehco tomm and stress test Thursday, as I have surgery , Aug.6th,2013. If I have, v-tac the Dr seems not to switch my atenolol. I'm scared to get surgery next week, but my cervical spines crushing my spinal cord, scarey a 3 hour surgery with heart problems. Seems after 2 different heart doctors no answer yet.. I'm tired of laying down my heart pounds, eating makes it pound so hard making it scarey to eat normal small meals even.. I wish it would all go away as it affects my health the pounding heart which gives my panic and anexity attacks 3-6 times a day.I will update again Thursday as to my tests results, once these tests are done my heart doctors to okay my for surgery...I have no clue at this point what to request my heart doctor to test for or look for.. Thanks for all the answers.  thank you for your answers. i know i had an ultra sound done last year and it showed a couple cysts but they said they were big enough to cause any problems so maybe thats what it is and a new one has shown up or an existing one has gotten worse maybe? yea ovulation could be a possibility too..i never thought about that but it would be hard to track my cycle to see because i have the mirena. sometimes i have a menstrual cycle and sometimes i go without one for months.  six months  12 hours  your voice goes higher  I was diagnosed in 2/2012 after 16 addl ER visits due to gallbladder problems they finally removed my gallbladder. According to the surgeon who preformed my surgery, I was made to suffer un-necessarily long. He said it should have been removed within the first 3 visits. I had quite a few gallstones. I am on SS Disability for back/neck issues and asthma and thyroid issues. The ER doctors ordered tests which were not necessary and which Medicare did not pay for. They did a CT scan, numerous chest xrays, and numerous sonograms in addition to blood work and urinalysis each time. If I were you, I would have it removed as soon your insurance or finances will allow. DON'T suffer needlessly as I did. I now have a huge medical debt which I have no idea how I will be able to pay. For instance, one ER visit I was billed $11,000 + and another was $13,000 + .... my insurance only paid a couple of hundred dollars on each of these. The lowest bill was close to $1000 which insurance only covered (again) a few hundred. My surgery was almost $35,000 .... for that, I only owe $55.00 go figure!  This could be an adverse reaction to the anesthesia. You did not specify, was it local or general anesthesia? Either way you need to advise your Doctor of ANY reaction to anesthesia to be on the safe side.  no  I have the same issue happening to me right now. I broke my leg, just above my ankle in 1999 and ever since I have had issues around the plate/screws site. The doctor told me that what is most likely going on is over time, the screws begin to loosen and even if they loosen just the tiniest fraction it is enough to rub against soft tissue and cause irritation. He told me the best way to take care of this is to have it taken out which for me, right now, is not an option....no insurance, no go. So, when it flares up, I have to stay off my feet as best I can, ice it, elevate it and take an anti-inflammitory. That is what he told me to do.  My advice to you is to consider the complications that could arise if you don't have the surgery. This disease will not cure itself. Some can control it but all it will take is one bad attack with an abscess and/or perforation to ruin your whole day. You have to weigh all risks, and I would do this in consultation with a colo-rectal surgeon and not an internist--brother or not http://vitalhudklinikk.no/kroppspleie/kroppspeeling.html http://www.kolibrimedical.com/no/hjem/2-uncategorised.html http://cosmedica.no/n-s-artikler-renseprodukter.htmlThank you!  Well if that is when they scheduled you and there is nothing sooner, all you can do is wait. I worked for a Derm and I believe if they thought it was too long they would do something about it.  Possible Kidney stones or kidney infection. I would get it checked out. See either your PCP or a urologist.  Knee replacement is painful for about 4-6 months...there will be some swelling, and the clicking is normal. I had a full replacement in 2005 and I am now 59 years old. The main thing is to keep doing your therapy..even though it is painful, it will pay off in the end. You have to have a good therapist to get through this..and you have to push yourself hard to maintain minimum loss of usage in your knee. While I still have some problems with it, especially when it is cold, I managed to retain 87 per cent usage of my knee. I can straighten it out completely, but cannot do a deep knee bend. No Pain, No Gain.  24 hours  I have had all bone and blood test and neck and lower back xray'd and examined, no abnormalities.  Absolutely. Not all Dr.'s accept that type of health plan.  My mother just had the same issue and she had to have a minor surgical procedure to clear the clots. There are other options as well. You must see a Dr. as soon as possible.  Your appendix might have necrosed (turn in liquid) at time of surgery.  yes if you do not want it to get worse  yes it could bee  A person should have surgery for a ruptured appendix because it may cause gastrointestinal infections if it is not treated.  No it doesn't sound like it.when do you experience the electric shock?  Wow that's sounds alot like me . Actually as we age we all have some degenerative stuff somewhere. There are great doctors out here so I would pray ask God to help me find the right one Dr. That is and I understand pain its real and I know friends that have a severe pain in the back and they found out that they needed surgery. The recovery was long but she's doing great and thanks be unto God that she's walking around better than what she was. I will be praying for you and please pray for me.  Your situation has probably cleared up by now but I still had to respond because I had the exact same problem a few years ago. I was in the exact same situation. I was taking antibiotics, nose spray, oral steroids, and everything else the doctor could prescribe. One day I read about something called a Nedi Pot and decided to try it. Nothing else worked so I figured why not. There are a few different types and I used the type designed where you put the solution in the container, put the tip of the container in one side of your nose, lean over a sink and squeeze until the solution comes out the other nostril. Then you repeat switching sides. It's a little different design than the traditional nedi pot but I thought it might work better. Unfortunately, nothing much more than the solution came out. But then, about 10 minutes later my left nostril started dripping out a little of the solution (which is not uncommon according to the directions in the kit). So I leaned over the sink, held closed my right nostril and blew out threw my left nostril expecting just some remaining solution to come out. A few drops of solution did come out but then all of the sudden, to my surprise, a massive clump of very thick dark green mucus dropped out of my nostril. I was shocked and amazed. I had never seen anything like it before. And the pain and pressure on the left side of my face was immediately gone. The mucus that was stuck in my front sinus cavity was so thick that the only thing that could get down to it and jar it loose was the warm saline solution that I flushed through my nose and sinuses with the sinus flush kit. And the solution that comes with the kit is a simple all natural saline solution which is safe enough for even a child to use. So for anyone who has ever had sinus facial pain and pressure, you must try this sinus flush. And I know this might sound completely disgusting, but I wish I had recorded myself doing this flush so I could see it again or even just show people what happened because even to this day, I am still amazed at what came out of my nose that day. And all from a kit that cost approx. $10 (I bought the generic store brand) and took about 10 minutes to cure what weeks of taking multiple prescription medications and numerous doctor visits couldn't do.  had one of these bad boys myself 30+ years ago but let me say "bless you". surgical revision is probably the best solution because not only does the doctor have to drain the cavity, the lining needs to be removed too. i am very sure techniques/procedures have changed greatly since i had mine repaired but due to the location it is painful to have repaired. i had to go back to the doctor weekly or every two weeks to have it cleaned out, drained and repacked until it healed. it is nasty as you probably know by now and it will be difficult to sit even with a "doughnut pad". going to the bathroom post-op is another story. fluids, soft diet and stool softners help.  Please immediately concern your physician for this.  Most likely. You should get referral to ENT (Ear Nose and Throat Specialist)  Sorry to hear, I know how you feel and it's no fun, been there and still do. Call your doctor and tell them, you need something else not just a softner. Some stuff takes a while to start working so therefore you still have to wait. Your doctor will be able to tell you what to get or they may give you something. Make sure you tell them what you are doing so they will know. Don't wait and keep wasting your money on stuff that want help. Good Luck.  Do not come off your medication without consulting your Dr. There can be serious consequences if you don't do it gradually because you are on such a high dose. Mary  yes  Did you have pins? They can work themselves out. Or it could be scar tissue, not much but surgery can fix the scar tissue. Or it could be something not related to the foot surgery. Is it the same type of pain you had before surgery? It could be a bone spur. Buy gel shoe inserts to pad the foot area.   Hope this helps but I would make an appointment with an OB/GYN.I have a friend that had a tubal ligation done and she did become pregnant. Problem was the egg was still in her tube. She had very little cramping only reason she went to the doctor is because she has never been even a day late so she got worried when she was two weeks late.  I had fusions at l4-5 L5-S1 and the thing I noticed in post op was that pain in my leg was gone. But If I was in the same pain I was in before last surgery I think I might check out a couple other Drs. And They would be the leading Drs in their field. The more you get cut on the more sscar tissue pain and neurilogical pain . Thats a tough Question. Have you considered a pain pump? I wouldn't trade mine for anything. good luck  Are you being treated with a more than average share of steroids? If you know u take that but dont know if it is considered excessive by pharmisit, then ask your dr for an alternative because thats what they do. My wedding day I wore a size 8 , but my face was so puffy i looked fat in all my pictures.  if it is discolored, or painful seak help now. Otherwise, go see your normal doctor  you should definitely see a doctor, i am not sure about surgery but the best thing is to get a doctor looking at it.  It sounds like an ovarian cyst. A gyn can run an ultrasound to confirm. I got this shortly after I went off the pill. It happens around mid cycle. The pain increased for about 4 days, then tapered off over the next 4 days. It hurt most when I was walking, but also hurt when I was lying down. In most cases you do not need to do anything about it. They resolve on their own. They may reoccur with each cycle.  I was digagnosed with HH 3 weeks ago. I have been having trouble swallowin, vomiting ans burping for years. I had the endoscopy 3 weeks ago. I too have developed incresed symptoms after that procedure. Constipation ,chestpain, and unable to burp although I need to. Great pressure builds up. I feel like there is something tied around my neck. I cannot eat meat or anything with real substance. Just liquid and soft food like apple sauce. This is horrible.  I would get a new script.  I had gastric bypass 4/2012 and I have had abdominal pain recurring and relieved off and on since November. I was diagnosed with and umbilical hernia and also with abdominal adhesions. You should talk to your doctor about the possibility of adhesions. Mine are very painful when they hurt and the only relief is with narcotic pain meds.  If you are having pain in the area of your Gallbladder then you should go to the ER right away to have it checked out cause if it bursts you could die before getting help.  well its possible you will always have some level of pain due to this new work but i would say drink a lot of water as water helps keeps the joints lubracated and when ur off work try some heat if you have pain... and try your best to take it easy , which i know can be hard at work..... vitamins will also help the better care you take of all ur body the better a chance you have to make this better , also try to stay off it when ur not at work ... im sorry your going through this , its not easy , i hope this helps if u start to have bad pain speak to you doctor for possible things you can do ... feel better  vitamins lots of water make sure you wash your hands after touching anything in the house and its kinda messed up to day say but stay away from everyone ;) hope this helps , if u feel like you wanna take something more i dont really recomend it only cause you rather be free of meds and other things when your going under the knife as we say..  A gastroenterologist, general surgeon, or a doctor of internal medicine. My suggestion would be the gastroenterologist.  Some pain and swelling post-op is normal. However, being 2 months out, I would recommend you go see your ortho surgeon who performed the surgery to rule out any complications.  Not sure exactly what you have, but there are blood tests used to help diagnose arthritis and inflammation. If you haven't had any blood tests done, I'd ask your doctor for some.  Time to go back and visit the surgeon. Call his office and make an appointment today.  I have experienced gas, abdominal pain, and soft bowel movements with Irritable Bowel Syndrome or IBS. I have never had Gastric Bypass but I would consider talking to the doctor that performed that surgery as he might want to do imaging studies to rule out intestinal problems. I have heard people say they experienced problems with gas after the GB.  i had the surgery twice, doctor messed up the first time,the second one was a sucess and had know problems of any thing else..  Although I am not a doctor, I will say this. My husband had a similar problem and was told to limit use to allow muscles to mend, but you will need to do some physical therapy to regain control and strength after a few weeks of healing. It really depends on how bad you have injured the muscles as to if they will heal or not. Listen to your orthopedic physician as they usually are correct.  Right now my husband is going through the same thing they can't find anything either  As Elizabeth suggested there is no link between ear wax and sinuses. I think a health care provider would be a real solution of the issues you are suffering from. You can also get a guide from your family doctor as he would be well aware of your health care history and suggest you with process ahead.  NO. You may have an infection and it could make your situation worse!  Hello, I happen to see your question and just wanted to input on it. I have a family member who had gastric bypass and it seemed maybe a year later she was back to having heartburn. So I'd say if it interfers with having children then go for the baby! Hope this helps and good luck!  Was thinking of wrong surgery, sorry. I'd still go for the baby!  a lap surgery removal of galblader is not too bad.should be able to go back to work in 5-7 days depend on heavy manual labor take it easy no heavy lifting  Thanks for your question it's an interesting topic. I just read a new study regarding numbness in different areas of the body. The study said that all through the spine there are small nerves that are connected to every part of the body. Sometimes when you're stressed,don't feel good, or your spine is misalinged even slightly,it can make those nerves fire off and cause numbness in the part of the body the nerves are connected to. Your friend doesn't automatically have Neuromotor Disease or anything serious like that. She just needs to start with a chiropractic consultation who if need be can refer her to a spine specialist if it is indeed the nerves in the spine firing off. I hope this helps in anyway,at least so you or she can know where to start looking at.  AFTER KNEE REPLACEMENT I FELT IT WOULD BE NORMAL,IN TIME.IVE HAD TWO OTHER OTHROSCOPIC KNEE SURGERYS AND FOUR SHOULDER OPERATIONS,THEY ALL HEALED 100%MY SUREGON SAID TWO YEARS.NOW MY NEW DR.SAYS IT WILL ALWAYS DO THAT???  ALWAYS get a second or third opinion. If you don't know where to go, contact your local AMA, listed on the web. Contact your insurance, for list of MD's.  Yes. Cancer is just the overgrowth of immature cells. If concerned, talk to your doctor right away.  Have your thyroid checked. I experienced the same thing and found out I had an over active thyroid.  I have same problem. Nothing work for gas pain, except X Gas.  try using more pillows to elevate your head so you do not have to resort to sleeping in recliner.  letting this go untreated could cause more damage and allow infection to spread further.  Its possible they removed all the cancer during the surgery. I had a lumpectomy and they got the cancer and all surrounding tissue.  I have had 4 done, twice bilaterally. Pain stopped within a couple of months the first time. The second operations not so good. New EMG NCV reveal that the carpal tunnel is still there and the left is "minor" the right is "moderate to severe". Oh well. I don't think I will have again.  Anesthesia, and quite frankly, going through surgery is difficult on the body; right away the body begins to fight back to recover from the "trauma" of surgery. It's normal to go white, but after a few days, coloring should come back and person looking somewhat better. The more invasive, the longer the white.  I fractured mine in a fall off of a ladder. No surgery so far, I am using a knee immobilizer/support. I was told three months to heal. Hurt like a bitch, also tore thigh muscles, and ligaments (not detached). I am self employed, a contractor, which means I must still work and stand on the leg. Customers do not care whether I am injured or not. I gave up on the Vicodin, which makes me stupid, and am using the "old standby" Jack Daniels as a pain killer. It least it tastes good. I wish you the best.  Hi! I had the Ablation done in april of 2007. When they have you on the operating table after the ablation proceedure is complete they try to put your heart in the same circumstances that was causeing the AFib. mainly to see if they were sucessful in the proceedure. I was told that since I am so young having this problem that there was a good chance that it may start up again. I would play it safe unless your heart surgen says different. It is always best to give ear to the one who did the surgery. as he would know best for you. It's been 5 years and I am back on a heart monitor for the AFib. Starting to have problems all over again. But that is my case wich you have to concider that we are all different. So Check with your surgeon and see what he thinks would be a reasonable time span for healing.  GET A TEST!!!!  it is not IBS...it is bile reflux...u can probably get GERD or gastritis or even peptic ulcer if this condition is prolonged....  I HAVE TWO SMALL BLOOD CLOTS,ONE IN EACH LEG THAT I HAD FOR ABOUT 7 YEARS WITH NO PROBLEMS  well you need to see your family physician first then she/he will refer you to whom ever they think is fit for you  2 weeks and u will feel better but you will be told not to lift things for 6 weeks  be Advised when breakout are occuring do not have sex, When it is dormant its safe. i would use protection anyway.  Internal bleeding possibly death if not taking action quikley.  you should see yor doctor. There are several causes of foot pain, and ignoring it is not going to help the problem,  Sounds like a major alchol problem. I would definetly seek counseling.  Did they give him pain or antibiotic medications? See if the symptoms started the same time he started the pain meds or any other meds they may have given, he could be having an allergic reaction. The best and safest bet is to call his surgeon immediately or just take to the hospital and have the take a look right away. He good be developing an infecton as well. Good luck and God Bless.  How long must you be off of it before it is okay?  When I had my sinus surgery it stayed in for a week  After 2 months it is definitely better. Very little back pain but some pain in the leg. Will give it more time but no surgery at the present time!  no  no   I'm now 53. When I was 42 I was having symptoms of what I thought, were associated with heart disease. After eating, I experienced pain above my stomach, nausea and sweating. I went to my family physician and he did an EKG and assured me it wasn't my heart. He then referred me to a gall bladder specialist. At the time I was 30 pounds overweight, highly stressed, and ate a higher fat diet. This doctor ordered an ultrasound and then told me I had polyps and sludge in my gall bladder and should have it removed. I wasn't convinced on having it removed. I explained what was going on to my chiropractor on health history update and he gave me a supplement called cholacol. It tastes very bad but got rid of my symptoms within 30 minutes. It's bovine (cow) liver. I've lost 20 pounds since then and watch my diet. I do notice whenever I start eating poorly for a few days in a row, my symptoms do return. I start taking the Cholacol again and watch my diet and I'm good to go again. I figured my gall bladder was trying to tell me something, and it was. Don't shoot the messenger, right? I'm not saying that this would be the right treatment for you, however, this treatment has worked for me. I wish you well.  You can try icy hot, heat wraps and alternating hot and cold packs. Resting the muscle is the best way to heal it. If it doesn't get any better in a week or so call your MD to check for more serious injury.  The Endometrium The endometrium plays an important role in a woman's fertility cycle. During childbearing years, it averages anywhere from 1 to 15 millimeters in thickness, increasing to 14 to 16 millimeters after ovulation. At the beginning of the cycle, the endometrium begins to thicken in preparation for an ovum, or egg, to become fertilized and implant itself into the uterine lining. If fertilization occurs, the endometrium thickens even more and becomes the decidua, part of the placenta. If fertilization does not occur, the endometrium is shed in the menstrual cycle. The normal adult ovary: measures approximately in length, in width, and 0.5- in thickness but varies from person to person. Please don't panic. The most common causes of pelvic fluid are normal. In fact, it's usually referred to as "physiologic fluid," which means it's just a normal part of how your body functions. The lining of the abdominal cavity is always secreting some fluid to keep things lubricated. Some of that can accumulate in the lowermost part of your pelvis around your uterus and rectum (pelvic cul de sac). The amount of fluid there increases around the time you ovulate. It can also be due to an ovarian cyst rupturing. It's not likely without other symptoms or findings, but it can be related to infections like appendicitis The three basic types of Doppler ultrasound 		 are: "Bedside" or continuous wave Doppler. This type 			 uses the change in pitch of the sound waves to provide information about blood 			 flow through a blood vessel. The doctor listens to the sounds produced by the 			 transducer to evaluate the blood flow through an area that may be blocked or 			 narrowed. This type of ultrasound can be done at the bedside in the hospital 			 with a portable machine to provide a fast estimate of the extent of blood 			 vessel damage or disease. Duplex Doppler. Duplex Doppler ultrasound uses 			 standard ultrasound methods to produce a picture of a blood vessel and the 			 surrounding organs. Also, a computer converts the Doppler sounds into a graph 			 that gives information about the speed and direction of blood flow through the 			 blood vessel being evaluated. Color Doppler. Color Doppler uses standard 			 ultrasound methods to produce a picture of a blood vessel. Also, a computer 			 converts the Doppler sounds into colors that are overlaid on the image of the 			 blood vessel and that represent the speed and direction of blood flow through 			 the vessel. Power Doppler is a special type of color Doppler. Power Doppler can get some images that are hard or impossible to 			 get using standard color Doppler. Power Doppler is most commonly used to 			 evaluate blood flow through vessels within solid organs. hope this helps some. ;)    Well with a very very low level like that you should be good to go.  Based on limited observations, renal cancers appear to grow approximately 1 cm (1/2 inch) in diameter per year.  David  David  yes it is normal my father also had this and is 2 yrs out with continuous issues. they informed him it was because of the radiation.  Seek medical attention now. This could be related to a more serious condition rather than just a headache. Because your headache presents itself when you lie down, this could be tumor related. I had the same symptom for 3 months. When I finally went in and they did a CT Scan, I had a Primary Brain Tumor.  You might have high blood pressure.   I know there are other people out there who suffer from extremely painful menstrual like cramps while running (saw this on active.com but they updated their site and the discussions was lost.) Anway, during the second two weeks of the cyle I suffer from these cramps and have to stop running after about 10 minutes. I also have the urge to run to the bathroom. Does anyone have any suggestions or solutions to this problem other than having to go on some sort of birth control? Oh yea, taking advil before a run doesn't help either. 							 							 													  My mom had both of her carotid arteries operated on; but not at the same time! I've never heard of an inoperable carotid artery! Also, look into having a stint put in.  numbness in small finfer and two next to it pain in back of shoulder  Obviously you won't get help here. This is a serious situation and you need to see a specialist. You could be causing and/or experiencing long term damage to your organs. Do not wait....get to the dr. and be HONEST.  I snapped mine when I was 14 and it still isn't the same that was 10 years ago. They should have done surgery in your case if you arent healing at all.  I have been doing a lot of research on lupron because I am thinking of taking it, and all that I can come up with is this seems normal, but if you are really concerned talk to your doctor asap.  