I had same problem w/neck. Please go get Cat scan ,they blew it off cause "I was too young to have Throat Cancer" Well I just finished operation on inside of throat ,29 treatments of chemotherapy and radiation for STAGE 4 THROAT CANCER FROM HPV!!!! Good luck!  A bulging disk can cause paralysis. I would diffidently seek treatment.  it could be a bug go into the ear, or a ugly ear infection. you should take her to the doctor and have it looked at.  No  I want to kill myself  male breast  IDENTICAL SYMPTOMS appeared in my ankle preceding a bite from a Black Widow spider in the topI-foot. *The actual bite she gave was ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS*  A bad sprain is more painful than a break. i have experienced both (you will recover faster if you use it. (carefully doing some walking and assisted standing while holding a support a few times a day. Progress from here. Do not lay in bed for a year!  It could be that your period is about to start soon. Cramps can occur before the period actually starts. If you don't think it's the right time for your period to be starting soon, and it doesn't go away after a few days, it could be something more serious. Ovarian cancer is one of the possiblities, so you may need to get it checked.  At least put up your both feets at a horizontal way with some cusion to help, it should lower your swelling.  Yes. RA can cause a lot of problems. I would get it checked as soon as possible before it gets any worse. It can just being something small and simple and an easy fix. But definitely get it checked.  Although you sound confident that this most recent incident is just a bad bug bite, I would worry about the possibility of cellulitis, since swelling and redness are common to both, and cellulitis can start with just a bite. I would err on the side of going to see your doctor. Another possibility is speaking with him or her on the phone and ask if he or she is willing to view a good quality photo sent by e-mail. An infection in this area cannot be ignored.  Swelling in mostly across toes and top of foot, and fingers.  Keep gargling with hot water with salt added. You could also keep drinking lemon juice mixed to warm water and add honey insead of sugar. You could have green tea with honey. Keep having warm soup and water. Take care.  May be gout, if it is near the joint(?)  Not a doc but strep usually presents with red swollen lymphs and while spots. Have no idea what your daughter has, but would take her to doc post haste - does she have any other symptoms - fever, blurred vision, redness or yellowing skin, other enlarged lymph nodes in the body, etc. - if that's the case, child should probably go immediately to emergency room.  I know from my own experience with arthritis that your complaint sounds very much like arthritis. You should however see a Dr. for it as there is a difference between Osteoarthritis and Rhuematoid Arthritis. Either way, a true Dx should be made.   Inguinal lymph nodes are located bilaterally in the area of the groin. The presence of lymph nodes throughout the body is a normal anatomical feature for both men and women. The physiological function of inguinal lymph nodes is to filter lymphatic material that channels to the groin areas, the feet, the legs and the genitals. During periods of infection, the lymph nodes can be overburdened doing the work of cleaning the body of debris and become enlarged (usually the lymph nodes are about the size of an eraser head). Due to the location of an enlarged inguinal lymph node (I knew someone with one the size of a golf ball), the swelling can be uncomfortable, reddened, and sometimes painful. Due to the body attempting to fight-off an infection, the patient may have a fever and not feel well. Yes, any bodily infection, including jock itch and yeast infections, can cause the lymph nodes to enlarge somewhat. But there are other possible causes including a cyst (may be benign), infections of the legs, feet, and groin areas, sexually transmitted diseases, cancer (rarely), and allergic reactions. If the lymph node has not returned to its normal eraser head size within the 7 day period following the start of antibiotic treatment, I would suggest that you follow back with the doctor for further evaluation. Sometimes a 2nd round of antibiotics is needed or a different antibiotic may be required. Occasionally the lymph node is biopsied to rule-out cancer and/or to determine the best antibiotic to treat the enlarged lymph node. I hope that this answer has been helpful and that you feel better soon..   A certain amount of edema (tissue fluid buildup) in the arms, hands, ankles, and feet is a normal occurrence for a woman in her 3rd trimester of pregnancy. Drinking additional amounts of water can be a helpful form of treatment for your edematous condition . I recommend that you contact your doctor about the swelling of your face and puffiness around your eyes. It is important to eliminate a serious medical condition as the cause for your facial and eye symptoms. One of those serious medical conditions is called preeclampsia. Preeclampsia can cause a spike in blood pressure and result in kidney function irregularities. Conclusion: Most women experience swelling of the arms, hands, legs, ankles, and feet during pregnancy. A sudden swelling of the face and puffiness around the eyes should be assessed by a medical professional. I hope that this answer has been helpful.Best wishes for the upcoming birth of your child. May labor and delivery be a positive experience full of joy.  It is certainly possible to miss a fracture on x-ray examination. Another possibility is that you did not sustain a fracture, but instead a bone bruise . I had bruised ribs after a base runner slid into to me hard with his head at 3rd base and blindsided me. I had been looking towards the outfielder for the ball being relayed from leftfield. A bone bruise can cause more pain than a fracture and last for up to six months. With severe bone bruising, the pain may continue for even longer than 6 months. A bone bruise is usually caused by some sort of violent collision to a bone such as you describe. There may be damage to the outer surface of the bone resulting in bleeding seeping into areas around the bone accompanied by discoloration, pain, and stiffness. Although I suspect bone bruising in your case, a swollen ankle lasting for 2 months should be reexamined by a physician.  Let's look at the first part of your question. Yes, medications can remain in the system for hours and days after taking your final dose. As a matter of fact, I am still experiencing some residual allergic reactions from the medication, Bactrim, 3 days after taking the final dose. The 2nd part of your posting questions whether Keflex caused allergy symptoms 5 days after you took the final dose. The answer is most likely, no, and here's why: Keflex, an antibiotic, is excreted by the kidneys and has a relatively short half life of less than an hour (0.9 hours). The half life represents the time necessary for half of the drug to leave your system (some people may experience a more delayed drug half life if they took Keflex with milk or have kidney disturbances). After 1 or 2 days of having taken the last dose, all of the Keflex should have left your system.  $ 10K- $20K is a big price range, and although very expensive, it could be the going rate depending on some variables. There can be a big difference in medical procedure costs based upon the geographical area of the country, the person who is doing the procedure, the exact type of epidural procedure, and the facility where the procedure will be preformed. The costs are typically lower when preformed in a doctor's office, but that savings comes with additional risks for medical complications. Of course large medical insurance carriers can negotiate the costs of procedures significantly lower to what is referred to as "Usual & Customary Charges" wherein a non-insured individual pays the highest rates. I see a common range for the epidural procedure to be between $3,000 - $7,000. It is probably in your best interest to contact multiple providers for this procedure in your area and compare prices. Some large hospitals make available, as public information on their web site the average charge for most procedures.    In order to eliminate products that may be adversely affecting your daughter, she needs to continue with her current daily routine. I recommend that you begin to keep a journal to document all of your daughter's daily activities. Note all meals / snacks / fluids ingested, and all medications taken. Reference the time and date of each activity. Also note other activities of daily living including play-time, computer time, television time, and bathing. List the environmental location where the activity occurred (car, yard, bedroom, school, etc.). Every single product used by your daughter also should be listed (crayons, soaps, bubble bath, detergents, etc.). When your daughter has another allergic reaction, the incident should be annotated completely as to time, place, duration, and describe accurately the observed event. After a short period of time, you should look for obvious patterns associated with the allergic reaction. You may want to take your daughter to see an allergist (bring the journal with you to the appointment) who can also do blood testing that will reveal the offending agent. Your investment of time in documenting your daughter's daily activities should be rewarded by providing you with the correct allergen responsible for the negative reaction.  It means that your liver is struggling to perform its duties according to your body's requirements (to regulate glycogen and filter toxins). Skin discoloration (may appear yellowish or jaundice) and leg swelling are classic symptoms of liver cirrhosis. Bleeding easily, increase of blood pressure (portal hypertension) abdominal swelling (ascites), and itchy skin are other symptoms. Since you have been diagnosed with cirrhosis, hopefully the swelling and discoloration symptoms were explained to you in detail. I suggest that you notify your hepatic specialist of any changes in your symptoms. The sooner that new indicators of the disease have been treated, the better the eventual outcome tends to be. Best wishes for your recovery.  Some common causes for your three noted symptoms viewed in a collective manner may include: Crohns Disease, Hypothyroidism, Kidney Disorder, and Urinary Tract Obstruction. Of course, may other conditions may be the root of your problems. Looking at your symptoms individually may include the following conditions: Swelling of legs- Kidney disorder, cardiac problems, blockage of lymph system, hormone therapy, blood clots, and many others. Right Sided Abdominal pain- This symptom is typically associated with systemic conditions of the Lymphatic system, Renal system, or the Circulatory System. Some disorders may include Appendicitis, Gallstones, Hepatitis (Liver Related Condition), constipation, muscle pulls, endometrioses, ovarian condition, kidney infection, ectopic pregnancy, colitis, and others. Falling out hair- Hypothyrodism, emotional stress, heredity, and others. My recommendation and conclusion is as follows: While not being able to conclusively eliminate liver disease, it seems that when all symptoms are grouped together, that liver disease may not be your problem.Your symptoms cover a broad array of possible disorders. Without knowing your age, sex, race, weight, height, medical history, when symptoms first appeared, or having any blood testing results, it is difficult to diagnosis your condition. The best person to assess your condition is the family doctor. That individual can exam you, question you, look at your medical history, do preliminary testing, and refer you to other specialist if needed.  Some common causes for your three noted symptoms viewed in a collective manner may include: Crohns Disease, Hypothyroidism, Kidney Disorder, and Urinary Tract Obstruction. Of course, may other conditions may be the root of your problems. Looking at your symptoms individually may include the following conditions: Swelling of legs- Kidney disorder, cardiac problems, blockage of lymph system, hormone therapy, blood clots, and many others. Right Sided Abdominal pain- This symptom is typically associated with systemic conditions of the Lymphatic system, Renal system, or the Circulatory System. Some disorders may include Appendicitis, Gallstones, Hepatitis (Liver Related Condition), constipation, muscle pulls, endometrioses, ovarian condition, kidney infection, ectopic pregnancy, colitis, and others. Falling out hair- Hypothyrodism, emotional stress, heredity, and others. My recommendation and conclusion is as follows: While not being able to conclusively eliminate liver disease, it seems that when all symptoms are grouped together, that liver disease may not be your problem.Your symptoms cover a broad array of possible disorders. Without knowing your age, sex, race, weight, height, medical history, when symptoms first appeared, or having any blood testing results, it is difficult to diagnosis your condition. The best person to assess your condition is the family doctor. That individual can exam you, question you, look at your medical history, do preliminary testing, and refer you to other specialist if needed.  Many of the over the counter pain relievers contain at least some common ingredients. Since you do not really know which ingredient in these medications is causing the negative side-effects, it may be a good idea to discuss the reactions with the family doctor and to be referred to an allergist specialist. It's really not the that she is reacting to, but instead at least one of its ingredients. Another valuable source of information is the neighborhood pharmacist. This individual, if the side-effect is frequently seen in , may be familiar with the ingredient responsible for the negative reactions.   Swollen neck lymph nodes may be the result of an infection, inflammation, cancer, or viruses. In your case, it is suspected that your recent cold is the cause of the enlarged neck lymph node. Treatment is dependent on the cause with bacterial infections possibly needing antibiotics, a virus needing to run its course, and cancers being attacked with multiple individualized treatments. The link below will access a WebMd article on the topic of lymph nodes. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/swollen-lymph-nodes-topic-overview?wwparam=1307921683    t  Well you should bring her to the doctor. I had a tick on my armpit once and the doctor was a big help he dug the whole tick out.  YES, it is usually yeast and can make your tongue very sore and sensitive, and the back of your throat too, take a look, if you see it red, or white, ask your doctor for something for thrush, and it will feel better in a few days,  If you have had this for 5 days or more, see your doc asap. It could be many different things, and out little lymph nodes seem to be the first thing we notice when other things are wrong. The list is too long to even guess, so see your doctor and never ignore any swollen glands, they are swollen for a reason, ever notice that is some of the very first things a doctor or nurse as myself will check when you come to the office? Make an appt, let me know how it goes  If you have a primary care doc, go see him or her, it may be yeast, or just a rash. Could be as simple as the type of material you wear in your underwear, or have you changed soaps in your laundry? Or changed the kind of soap you wash your body with. Be sure to keep the area clean and dry and wear loose fitting pants around the house, to let it get air. I would try some cortisone cream to see if you get relief, if not then you might want to see a dermatologist to rule out other skin infections. Been to the beach lately? Sometimes sand mites and fleas can cause this type of thing, if the beach is a no, then see a doctor or at least one online.  First, I HATE CANCER, My daughter has it, and I am a nurse, so I know what she is going thru. Is your brother a small person or a large person, I only ask, because I would think that if the testicles are not hurting too much, he may just could wear a larger size of some really soft boxer-briefs, they would feel soft on the skin, and yet give some gentle support, without feeling so constricted. Right now, if he was here, I could fashion him something that would be comfy, but not knowing it is hard for me to say. If you have a mom or a grandma, maybe fashion some sort of sling that would have some soft wide elastic at the top, and then the fabric attached to the front and the back, going under the scrotum, holding them softly up a little so they dont hang and hurt him when he is up and walking or even just sitting in a chair. I can see it in my mind so clear, I know it would work. Use some sheep skin material for the supporter that would attach to the wider elastic band that would go around him, and thru his legs, and connect to the back. Then all he would have to do is just step into it and pull it up. GOSH I hope someone in your family can sew, this would be so great for him. I hope this helped this brave guy some. Blessings and be well  I had total knee surgery twice. First the left knee and then the right. My doctor gave me the correct excersizes to do thank heavens. In comparison to some other people I had spoken with, what I did was right. I had the physical therapist come to the house for the first time. And you ..... MUST DO THESE EXCERCISES TWICE A DAY WHETHER YOU FEEL LIKE IT OR NOT!!!!!!! . 30 minutes before you start excercizing you take your pain pill. Then lay flat and start leg raises one leg at a time. Keep stiff leg and work to get that leg as high up as you can. Then do peddling a bicycle with the little 2 foot high bike you can get at a medical store to rent. Or maybe you can do that laying down and peddle like a bike with both legs. Try it. Don't baby yourself!! .I was given a long strip of plastic, like a strip of inertube, and you put that under the ball of your foot of the affected knee, sit straight up and pull it tight with both hands and press down like you are stepping on a gas pedal in the car.Keep your leg straight and the rubber tight. Eventually you will have to lift some sort of weight with your leg.Sit in a chair and tie something to your ankle, like a can of something heavy in something you can put around the ankle to hold it as the weight.RrAISE SLOWLY, RELEASE SLOWLY, RAISE SLOWLY, RELEASE SLOWLY. These are some of the excersizes I did. But, when you are done doing all of these, put an ice bag on the knee for about 20 minutes. Rest. YOU MUST UNDERSTAND, IF YOU DO NOT DO THE EXERCIZES YOUR DOCTOR GAVE YOU..YOU WILL END UP LIKE YOU ARE. By this time you should be well on the way to no pain and swelling. The ice bag after therapy is probably the answer for you. But going to therapy out of the house will stop you from taking you pain pill before you start, I would guess. Just that little help to ease the pain will make you work harder. You might do better doing all your therapy at home using the pain pill and ice packs. I hope this might help you. You didn't state what you therapy involved . Then you progress from 2 crutches to one crutch on the opposite side of the bad knee. From that you go to a cane. NO WALKER>  It's something I would call his pediatrician about. A physical exam can help rule out more serious causes of breast development in a boy and ease your mind. During puberty, as in other stages of life, it is not uncommon to see breast development in men. For example, a newborn baby boy can have some degree of breast development which can be completely normal. Its due to exposure to estrogen from the mother &/or the placenta during development. A health aging male can also have some degree of breast development and this would not necessarily signal a serious medical problem. These are settings in which the hormone estrogen stimulates breast development. About 40% of adolescent boys develop some degree of breast development...not to be confused with breast enlargement because of fatty tissue. You might see one or both breast develop or a boy might complain of breast tenderness. This usually resolves as the transition and hormonal changes of puberty are established. Certainly take you son to see his doctor as there can be other more serious reasons for breast development in boys. And while a physical exam may help reveal the answer, he may also need some type of breast imaging and blood test to help determine the cause.  I too am on blood pressure medicine and am very swollen in the legs, ankles, feet, hands and fingers. Not so sure that my belly isn't swollen somewhat. I just read on WebMD that increasing water and cutting down on sodium and exercising is a big help. I just wanted to add that I am on 2 mood stabilizers and was told that the family of drugs can be a reason for retaining fluid. One of the side effects is weight gain, so yay :{ Check all of the medicines that you take to see the side effects and then report this to your doctor like I did. He cut my medicine in half. I'm afraid because these meds can also raise my cholesterol and my liver function (which are culprits for edema as well, I think) Are either of you allergic to other meds? Seems like my body has changed and am having allergic reactions to Chantix and Cipro and have been allergic to NSAIDS since 2005 (had to go to the hospital because of the swelling in my throat & tongue). I've never had food or drug allergies before. I've also been told that I'm menopausal now and that could be part of my weight-gain problem but I think a lot of it is swelling. Hope that we all get the swelling under control; it's very aggravating and causes pain in those areas after a while.  Wow - sounds like some form of edema - I would definitely have her see a doctor. Soon.  There are promising new treatments that are being developed using stem cells to stimulate cartiledge growth. Your orthopedic surgeon is focused on surgery, so he probably won't mention this and may not know about it. After having one successful knee replacement (arthritis) I'm biding my time till this treatment becomes available for the other knee.  First, make an appointment with your doctor as it is probably pink eye, which is contagious. A warm tea bag placed on the eye (with eye closed of course) helps with crusty's that may form and will also help with the excess of mucus...and time...patience is needed as this may last up to 7 days.  Your best option for pain relief would be minor surgery. If you have a high tolerance for pain, you might benefit from physical therapy.  yes,and sometimes all he way around the whole eye.  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  it is almost five months now since i order a pregnancy spell cast on me on Facebook (Oduduwa Ajakaye) i saw in a website on how he help a couple to get pregnant and i contacted him which i started seeing changes on my body since the first week of last 4 months and i am 18 weeks gone and i am carrying my own baby in my womb i am so happy that i finally got pregnant after all i have been through. contact him for any problems you are having, he will surely provide you a solution, All thanks be to him  As for the valtrex, I'm not an expert or anything it is important that you definitely need to check with the doc and make sure that there is no danger in you NOT taking the meds. They may still require you to take them. Obviously none of us are medical experts, so all I can tell you is my opinion on what I would do/think if I were in your situation.  What did she eat?She may have an allergic reaction.When she sleeps keep her head propped up so she don't risk the chance of choking.  A definite break.  Sounds like you may have the beginning stage of a sty. Stys are normally found under the eye lid, or along the eye lash area. When I get a sty, I take a small amount of rice and put it into a baggie and place the open baggie with a wash cloth under the baggie into the microwave, heat it for one minute. Remove the baggie and wash cloth, seal the baggie, then fold the wash cloth around the baggie, this will be hot, if you wish wrap another wash cloth around the baggie and first wash cloth to avoid burning yourself. Apply to your eye to help with the swelling, and help the sty to come to a head so it can pop on it's own. Do not try and pop a sty as this could lead to infection and a longer period of time to heal. Allow the sty to pop on it's own always! If need be see your doctor if the swelling gets worse, or is still swollen for more than a week..  Do you still have your appendix? If so, you should go to the ER.  I'm sorry to hear what you're going through. It's probably rather alarming. Some swelling of the feet and ankles is common with pregnancy. However, if you have been diagnosed with and this swelling is new, I would suggest you contact your OB-GYN to let him or her know of this development. The fluid retention in your lower limbs may be nothing to worry about. And then again, it might be. Your best bet is to not try diagnosing this yourself. Let your doctor do it. If you've been diagnosed with preeclampsia and experience sudden swelling of the hands, arms or face then you should contact your doctor right away. Wishing you and your baby well!  If you're so weak you truly feel "almost lifeless," you really need to seek immediate medical attention. Any number of things could cause you to experience sharp stomach pains, but an inability to eat combined with extreme weakness is cause for alarm. Please have someone take you to the emergency room or call for an ambulance. I'm sorry you're going through this and wish you all the best!  The short answer is this: Yes, you should see a doctor. You could have a cyst, a lipoma, or something else. Your best bet is to have this examined by an appropriate health care provider, such as a dermatologist, though you can simply go see your primary care provider if necessary. Unfortunately, we can't diagnose a skin lesion like this via the internet. And if it's an infected cyst or something, you'll need to have it drained because it won't clear up on its own. Best to you!  Assuming you haven't traveled to any third-world countries recently, it's highly unlikely you have a parasite in your gums. It's much more likely you have something lodged in there, such as a popcorn hull. If your gum is very swollen, it naturally is going to move (yield) when you push on it with your finger. If the swelling is caused by an , then you could feel fluid moving around under the skin. If the situation doesn't clear up on its own within a couple of days, or if you begin experiencing severe pain, a high fever, and/or discharge from the swollen area, then a trip to the dentist is in order. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear about your accident. It's always painful to injure the ankle! Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose a broken bone without X-rays. Even in an exam room, a medical provider may not be able to tell by looking if the ankle is broken or not. The fact you can put your full weight on the joint and have good range of motion makes me think it's probably just sprained. If the swelling goes down and the pain decreases, then you can be pretty sure it was just a sprain. The bruising may take quite awhile to clear up, and the joint may be painful for some time. Soft tissue injuries can take awhile to heal completely. If you're still having trouble with the foot after a week to 10 days, then it would be worth seeing a doctor. Perhaps he or she will want to get an X-ray simply to rule out any fractures. Wishing you well!  It sounds like you're saying your friend was removed from life support, and, if so, I'm very sorry for your loss. I'm sure the family did not make the decision to remove the ventilator without a lot of input from the doctors caring for your friend. A family cannot unilaterally decide to withdraw life support. Ultimately, that decision is made mutually between the care team and the loved ones. Regarding pain: You may not be able to "feel" pain if you're unconscious, but pain causes a physical reaction in the body. This is one way we can tell if an unconscious patient is experiencing pain. As you noted, high blood pressure and agitation can be symptoms of pain. I encountered this frequently as a recovery room nurse, when my patients were still asleep after surgery but obviously were experiencing a pain response. To set your mind at ease about the withdrawal of life support, let me just say some brain injuries cannot be overcome. Brain tissue cannot repair itself the way most other body tissues can. For example, you get a cut on your finger and eventually skin cells fill in the gap. It doesn't work like that in the brain (or the heart, for that matter). When brain cells die, they are dead forever. If your friend's doctors felt he was "brain dead," it means he never would have recovered, no matter how much time he was given. Again, I'm sorry for your loss.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds very unpleasant! First, just to clarify, an IUD is an "intrauterine device." It's an implant that goes inside the uterus. I think what you meant to say is you had birth control implants (rods) removed from your upper arm. You don't say when you had this procedure done, but it's not unexpected you would experience bruising (possibly considerable bruising, since the inside of the upper arm is a very tender area) and pain (for the same reason). You also would experience swelling, which is a normal response to having a minor procedure like the rod removal. It's also not abnormal for the stitches to ooze for the first 24 hours after you have the birth control rods taken out. Your health care provider should have given you some instructions about what to do regarding the stitches (sutures). Generally speaking, you should be able to: Gently cleanse the stitches using lukewarm water and plain soap; pat dry Apply an antibacterial ointment (such as triple antibiotic ointment or Neosporin) to the sutures (as long as you're not allergic to any of the ingredients in the ointment) Many people fear any wound will become infected, so they monitor closely for what they believe is "pus" coming from the wound. Usually, any fluid you see oozing from a wound is not pus but is simply part of the natural healing process. It takes several days for an infection to develop, so if you just had the birth control rods removed today, it would be virtually impossible for you to be experiencing symptoms of an infection where the rods were removed. If it has been more than three days since you had the rods removed, and you're experiencing symptoms, the next step is to take your temperature using a thermometer . If you have a fever over 101F, then you may, indeed, have an infection. You should seek medical treatment. In general, you can elevate your arm, apply ice packs and take an over-the-counter pain reliever to help ease the situation. At any rate, if you're concerned about what's going on, you should contact the health care provider who removed the birth control rods. He or she is in the best position to advise you how to proceed. Wishing you well!  I'm not trying to alarm you, but you need to seek immediate medical attention. Although you have a family history of COPD, the symptoms you describe point to something else -- a heart issue. The GOOD NEWS is most heart issues can be well-managed over the long term with early diagnosis and treatment. I urge you to have a friend drive you to the emergency room. You need to get yourself into the hands of medical professionals. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It's always scary when we have a problem with our eyes! The first thing to clarify is this: Is it your actual eyeball that's twitching? Or is it your eyeLID? Twitching of the eyelid is called and is quite common. It tends to come and go, as you described. It can get worse and more frequent from time to time, and then clear up for long periods. Stress, fatigue, and caffeine are common culprits of blepharospasm. If it's your eyeball that's twitching, that would be more worrisome, to me. When a person's eyeballs twitch, it's usually both of them. If your eyeball, itself, is the problem, I'd advise you to see a doctor. I realize you said you don't have insurance, but most communities have free or low-cost health care clinics. You could start by getting checked at one of those, just to calm any fears you may have about this situation. I wish you all the best!  Well, that's a good question. Have you had your ankle examined by a health care professional, or are you diagnosing this as a sprain on your own? Because your symptoms could be caused by a , for sure, but also by a fracture (break) in the ankle or the leg. So, I'd recommend you see a doctor as soon as possible to have the ankle examined. Your health care provider may want to take an X-ray to make sure nothing is broken. The symptoms you describe can be a normal part of the body's healing process. When we injure tissue, the body sends a big healing response to the damaged area. Various cells march into action, and these can cause the tissue to temporarily become hot and swollen. The pain is caused by nerves that have been irritated or injured. With any injury like the one you're describing, we recommend you elevate the injured area and apply ice packs. Do not place ice packs directly against the skin; use a towel or something in between. The usual recommendation is 20 minutes of ice, then 20 minutes with no ice. However, I again want to caution you to get examined by a doctor to make sure you haven't broken or dislocated a bone. So sorry you're hurting! I hope you get some relief soon!  This is something that deserves to be checked out right away by a health care professional, especially if your vision is changed or limited in your right eye. It's possible to rupture a blood vessel in the white of the eye, called . This can be triggered by something as simple as sneezing. Occasionally, there is pain involved as well as mild swelling of the eyelid. It's not possible to diagnose your eye problem in a forum like this because you need someone to conduct a physical examination to see what's going on. Chances are, you're experiencing a subconjunctival hemmorhage, which usually is benign (doesn't cause any harm). But you'll want a health care provider to tell you that in person. Good luck to you!  This certainly merits a call to the pediatrician. He or she may want to examine your son to discover what's going on here. Diarrhea shouldn't cause the scrotum to swell. This symptom may be completely unrelated to the diarrhea, or there could be some sort of injury to the child's testes that is causing the diarrhea. Either way, you want to get this assessed. I'd suggest you call your pediatrician as soon as possible. Meanwhile, keep your son hydrated by providing plenty of fluids. Wishing you all the best.  I think you should get this looked at. Whatever is causing the problem, it's not normal. You may want to gently inspect the position of the . It should naturally cover the head of the penis (the glans). You should never pull the foreskin back on a boy younger than about age 5, not even to clean. At age 2, you can easily damage your son's penis by forcibly retracting (pulling back) the foreskin. At any rate, a red, swollen, painful penis in a child is not something to take lightly. I'd suggest you put a call in to his pediatrician as soon as possible. Best wishes to you both!  Sorry to hear you're experiencing this. It must be uncomfortable! It's really impossible to say what could be causing this without a physical examination. Your best bet is to make an appointment with your primary care provider and let him or her take a look at your toe. Because the range of possible causes is so wide (and depends a lot on your physical history, medications, and so on), only your health care provider can provide a diagnosis. I hope you're able to get this resolved quickly!  I'm sorry you're going through this, but I'm glad to see you're so vigilant about your breast health. Way to go! First, let me say breast cancer in a 16-year-old is exceedingly rare. I want to put your mind at ease about that. The problem is likely something far less serious. It wouldn't hurt to get this situation checked out by your doctor or nurse practitioner. It could be related to hormones (because, of course, they fluctuate) or something else that's very simple (such as circulation issues). Even if the situation clears up over the next few days, I'd suggest you get this looked at. You'll feel less anxious, and your doctor will get the condition into your medical history in case it occurs again. Wishing you well!  I'd suggest you see a doctor about this. You can start with your primary care provider, and he or she will refer you to an orthopedic doctor if necessary. You don't say exactly what kind of surgery you had in 2009. I'm thinking it was an arthroscopy to remove pieces of the meniscus. If this is the case, and you're experiencing new or worsening symptoms, you'd be well served to see a health care provider. I wouldn't necessarily recommend wearing a knee brace. You could reduce your range of motion and have a hard time getting it back. The only way to truly solve this problem is to get an examination by a health care provider. He or she can discuss with you all the various options, from physical therapy to surgery, that can help solve your knee problem. Good luck!  You're wise to ask questions like this. I suggest you ask them directly of the medical professional who is treating you. Your questions are legitimate, and you can be assure your physician will give you straight answers. In general, Botox (botulinumtoxin-A) has a good safety track record. To my knowledge, there are no reported instances where it has caused anaphylaxis or has traveled throughout the body (though this has been reported with other botulinumtoxin products). One of your concerns is about having repeated injections. There are two issues to that aspect of your question. First is that no one develops an allergy to a substance on the first exposure. The major symptoms you describe (anaphylaxis, breathing issues) are related to major allergic reactions. If you've had three injections without an allergic response, then you probably don't need to fear an allergic reaction at this point. The other thing about the issue of repeated injections is that Botox only remains active for about 90 days. After three months, the botulinumtoxin has been fully metabolized by the body. So, you're not "adding on" to the amount of Botox in your system. You're "replenishing" it. After the botulinumtoxin exits your system, it no longer works. Unless you get another dose, your lazy eye problem will return. Keep in mind I am not a physician. As I said at the beginning, you should address all of your concerns with the doctor who is treating you with Botox. He or she will welcome your questions. Wishing you well!  I suggest you contact your surgeon immediately. While scrotal edema (swelling of the sac that holds the testicles) after is not necessarily uncommon, the fact it's occurring 5 days post-operatively and seems to be linked to some sort of painful activity means the swelling may not be normal in your case. You don't say if you ejaculated via intercourse or masturbation. If you had intercourse just 5 days after inguinal hernia repair surgery, you may have caused too much strain on the sutures and ruptured them, which is what may be causing your scrotum to swell. If you ejaculated through masturbation, you still may have somehow disrupted the internal repair. Your best bet is to call your surgeon's office to report this or make an appointment. Don't be ashamed to tell the receptionist you're experiencing scrotal swelling with pain. You don't have to tell them over the phone how this happened, but you should be frank with your surgeon in order for him or her to provide you with the best care. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're going through this. As a former plastic surgery nurse, I've worked with many young men who have the issues you describe. I'd like to suggest you get your parent(s) to take you for a visit to your primary care provider. You can request to be seen privately (without your parent in the room), if that would make you more comfortable. Show your health care provider your chest so he or she can determine if you have a condition called . It's not uncommon in young men. Gynecomastia is an overgrowth of breast tissue in boys. It can be caused by the hormonal changes of puberty. If your health care provider suspects you have gynecomastia, he or she may run a few blood tests to check your hormone levels. Gynecomastia is treated with surgery. Generally, a small incision is made around the nipple, and the excess breast tissue is removed. A few stitches close the incision. Of course, other conditions can cause enlarged breasts in adolescent boys. Your health care provider can make an accurate diagnosis and get you the appropriate care or treatment. Best wishes to you!  Sorry to hear you're experiencing this. It sounds unpleasant! You're right: It could be . It could also be something entirely different. , for example, can cause a tingling/prickly sensation to the toes. The only way to determine for sure what's causing your symptoms is a physical examination by a health care provider. And even then you might not get an answer to your question. Why? Because there are so many possible causes for the symptoms you describe. Unless or until you experience additional symptoms, a physician may not be able to pinpoint exactly what's causing the toe tingling. One thing's for sure: The only way to begin figuring this out is to see a health care provider. I'd suggest you start with your primary care provider. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It sounds awful! First thing: WASH YOUR HANDS very thoroughly before and after touching that eye. In the event it turns out you have (pinkeye), you can easily spread it to others with your fingers. Plus, you don't want to contaminate your ailing eye with any other germs when you touch it. Second, what you're describing is not normal. There are several possible explanations for your swollen eye, but you need an examination by a medical professional to get a diagnosis. If the swelling and gunk are confined to just one eye, it could be a symptom of a foreign body in the eye -- so Never take chances with your vision. I suggest you either go to urgent care or make an appointment as soon as possible with your primary care provider. Wishing you well!  You should get medical attention for your brother as soon as possible. These symptoms could relate to a variety of ailments, and only a health care professional doing a physical examination can give you a diagnosis. Any time a person's symptoms get worse or change suddenly, it's worth a trip to the doctor's office. In your brother's case, this is especially true because his symptoms are causing him to be unable to walk. I don't want to alarm you, but I urge you to seek medical attention for your brother as soon as possible. Best wishes to you both!  Sorry you're experiencing this. Do you know what is causing the swelling? For instance, did you injure your knee in some way? Or did it suddenly just balloon up? Do you have a prosthetic knee (knee replacement)? The reason I ask is because any of those things could cause swelling, and the treatment might be different for each cause. You're doing the right thing by elevating your knee. The ice is probably OK if you think the swelling is due to an injury. Otherwise, the ice is probably useless. And, at that, ice generally is only indicated for a few days post-injury. If this is a chronic problem (you've had it happen before) or if it doesn't clear up within a few days, or if the swelling is accompanied by redness and heat in the joint plus a fever, then I'd suggest you seek medical attention. Hope this helps and you feel better soon!  Sorry you're dealing with this. I definitely would have these new symptoms checked out. There may be some cause/effect between the strep and the swollen, painful joints, or you may have developed something else entirely. At any rate, the sudden onset of the symptoms you describe in an otherwise healthy, young female is reason enough to seek medical care right away. Your best bet is to return to the urgent care facility where you received the strep test and injection because they'll have your medical records at hand. Normally, I wouldn't advise someone who believes they have strep throat to seek urgent care. It's something that can be handled by a primary care provider. Take care, and best wishes!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Unfortunately, it's impossible to say what could be causing this without a physical examination. I suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider as soon as possible because the earlier this problem is diagnosed, the better the outlook for treating it effectively. You're doing a wonderful service in caring for a disabled child. I salute you and hope you get a diagnosis soon!  I'm sorry to hear this. can be very painful. I hope you're under the care and treatment of a doctor because cellulitis requires antibiotics to be cured. Cellulitis is a bacterial infection that gets through the skin and into the underlying tissue areas. Depending on how severe the case of cellulitis is, a patient may receive oral antibiotics or have to go into the hospital for a course of intravenous (IV) antibiotics. Unfortunately, there's little you can do to help the swelling go down. You can try keeping the hand and wrist elevated, which might help some. In terms of pain control, please check with your health care provider to find out if it's OK for you to take over-the-counter pain relievers, or if a prescription pain reliever may be in order. If the pain gets worse instead of better, or if the swelling begins to move up your arm, then you need to call your health care provider as soon as possible. This could be an indication you need more aggressive treatment. I wish you all the best!  Gotta love a person who admits she has a "short fuse and a hot temper"! I'd suggest you make an appointment with a medical professional for a physical examination. When you push down on your shin bone and the skin stays indented, that is a sign of fluid retention in the legs. This symptom, combined with your shortness of breath, warrants a check-up. It might just be that you need to cut back on salt. But it could also be sort of an early warning sign of additional heart problems (besides your mitral valve regurgitation). It wouldn't be a bad idea to get this checked out, so if it is something with your heart, you've caught it early. Wishing you (and your temper) all the best!  I'm sorry you experienced this and hope it has cleared up by now. Rashes can be caused by many things. One important thing to remember is this: If a rash is accompanied by swelling of the throat or difficulty breathing, it's time to call 9-1-1. These could be the symptoms of a rare, life-threatening . Luckily, most rashes are not life-threatening. This can be helpful in figuring out what's going on with you. If your rash has not gotten better by now, your best bet is to see a doctor. He or she can help figure out what's going on and treat it if necessary. Best wishes to you!  Unfortunately, your question is lacking crucial information to provide a good answer. How old is your son? Has he received routine childhood vaccines? Enlarged lymph nodes can signal a variety of potential conditions. Your best bet is to take your son to his pediatrician for an exam. If your son has not been immunized against (the MMR vaccine), you definitely should seek medical attention. Mumps in a young man (generally older than age 10) can cause a related condition called , which is swelling of the testicles. This can cause fertility problems down the road. Regardless of your son's immunization status, having enlarged lymph nodes is not normal, and you should seek medical attention. If your son is running a high fever, you should seek emergency medical treatment. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds unnerving! Unfortunately, there's no way to diagnose this problem without doing a physical exam. Many things could cause such swelling, from a serious sinus infection to an abscessed tooth. Your best bet is to contact your health care provider for an appointment as soon as possible. If you begin to have severe pain or start running a fever over 101F, then you may want to consider visiting an urgent care facility to get this checked out. I wish you all the best and hope you feel better soon!  What you're experiencing sounds awful. I hope you get some relief soon! I strongly suggest you see a health care provider to evaluate these symptoms. Sometimes things like leg pains in children don't need to be treated, but you're an adult now and still have the pain. That definitely deserves to be looked at. The may or may not be related to the leg pain. Anyone can develop migraines. Many people believe they have migraines when they actually have common headaches. Migraines are a very specific type of headache that requires special treatment. Only a health care provider can tell you if you are getting true migraines or not. Again, I urge you to see a health care provider about this. And I wish you all the best!  Even in women with regular periods, what you're describing can be normal. Sometimes our bodies hiccup a little bit. Maybe that's what you're experiencing. Other things to consider: Have you recently had unprotected sex (could you be pregnant)? It's possible to have a very light period right after becoming pregnant. So, if pregnancy is a possibility, I'd suggest you take a home pregnancy test. At the other end of the spectrum, is it possible you're pre-menopausal? This could be another explanation for your unusual period this month. If neither of these scenarios apply to you, you're probably safe to wait and see what happens next month. If everything proceeds as normal, then you're good to go. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. My concern is that you don't have at all. Normally, shingles isn't described as "hives all over the body" that "itch." In fact, if you have welts on both sides of your body (as divided by the spinal column), then I can guarantee you do not have shingles. Shingles only affects . Even though you don't currently have health insurance, I'd suggest you find a way to get checked out by a medical professional, preferably when you're having an outbreak of these hives. Most communities have free or low-cost medical clinics to serve people who have no insurance. You can locate one of these clinics near you by calling your local Medicaid office or by performing an internet search for "free health clinic" and your city name. I wish you all the best at finding a solution to this annoying condition!  Hi! As a former plastic surgery nurse, I feel uniquely qualified to answer your question. :-) It's not uncommon for a woman (especially one, like yourself, who considers herself a "natural" type person) to feel uncomfortable physically and psychologically with her enhanced breasts in the time period immediately following the surgery. In my experience, this discomfort goes away pretty quickly, as you get used to the new breasts. When I was a plastic surgery nurse, the surgeon I worked for always advised women to wait at least 3 months before making a decision about the size or removal of implants. At the three-month mark, virtually all of the swelling has gone away, and you've had time to adjust to your new look. I can tell you, in my experience, none of our clients who felt as you do opted to have their implants removed once they got used to them. I hope this helps ease your mind. You're still recovering, so be kind to yourself and give both your body and your emotions time to cope with this surgery. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry to hear this. It sounds, at the very least, annoying! Without more details, it's impossible to tell what's going on here. If the swelling and redness is confined to the small area between the eyes, it could be caused by anything from a mosquito bite to a pimple. and don't cause swelling, but they do cause flaky patches that could look raised or welted. If the symptoms don't get better, you certainly can take your mother to her primary care provider to have this looked at. I hope your mom feels better soon!  I'm not sure what that is, but it sounds very unpleasant! I'd suggest you see a dentist for an examination. The bump you're describing could be anything from a skin ulcer to an to an . A dentist can evaluate the situation and tell you what you're dealing with. He or she also will either provide appropriate treatment or refer you for medical treatment. I wish I could offer you something more specific, but unfortunately it's not possible to diagnose your problem without a physical exam. I wish you the best of luck!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. It sounds very unpleasant! I'd suggest you get checked out by a health care provider as soon as you can. The symptoms you describe can be caused by a variety of conditions, some of them more serious than others. I'm not suggesting you're experiencing an emergency, but I'd recommend you get this checked out sooner rather than later. If your calf or thigh hurts to touch and is hot, red, or swollen, this could be the sign of a , and you should seek immediate medical attention. Feel better!  If you're concerned about having surgery, why not get a second opinion? Doctors don't take it personally when patients do that. And it might give you peace of mind to hear another doctor's take on your situation. Your doctor can explain better than anyone what it means that your spleen is swollen (inflamed) and has nodules on it because he or she has seen the films (such as the results of an ultrasound exam, CT scan or MRI) and lab results. I'd suggest you schedule another appointment and take a written list of questions. Your doctor will be happy to explain exactly what's going on and why he or she wants to remove your spleen (an operation that is called " "). People can live normal lives without a spleen. Ask you doctor about possible complications from the surgery. It should not "slow you down," though it's true people without a spleen are somewhat more susceptible to develop infections, like the flu. Your doctor can explain what it will be like to live without a spleen. Best of luck to you!  It's always worrisome when a loved one is experiencing painful, scary symptoms like your husband's. In fact, I always think it's harder to cope with these things when it's happening to my husband instead of me, don't you? So many conditions could cause the symptoms you're describing. That's why your husband's physician is having him undergo an . This test will help figure out what's going on so that you, your husband, and your physician can work together to put together a treatment plan. It's also possible the endoscopy is just one of several tests your husband's health care provider will run before making a diagnosis. It can be very hard to wait through all of this testing, but hang in there. Meanwhile, remember to take care of your own health needs, too. As the caregiver, you're under a tremendous amount of stress, and you don't want to get sick. Be sure to eat right, drink plenty of fluids, and maybe go for a walk when you can. Try to get plenty of sleep. You'll feel better, and you'll be in a strong position to see your husband through this health crisis. Best wishes to you!  I suggest you get this checked out by a medical professional. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you describe, but one that comes to mind is a . Obviously, if that's the case, you want to get treatment as soon as possible. Itching is not normally a sign of Staph infection, but it still would be good to rule this out. At any rate, you're having abnormal symptoms that are worth getting checked. Meanwhile, be sure to wash your hands thoroughly and often. In the event you have some sort of communicable infection, you want to take every precaution not to transmit it to someone else. I wish you all the best!  Your girlfriend should see a health care professional about this. It's not the kind of thing you should try lancing yourself, as that can introduce infection into the wound and cause more problems. Your description of the lesion makes it difficult to tell if it is a , though it doesn't sound like it. These types of cysts occur very close to the vaginal opening. Like I say, your girlfriend needs to see a medical professional about this. Wishing you well!  Just an update. I went to the doctor and it was something called Hidradenitis suppurativa.  Use cold, spirituous pledgets on swelling skin, tissues. But keep wound sterile bandaged.  Sounds like it may be Neuropathy. At first, you may notice numbness, tingling, abnormal sensations, or pain in your feet. Some people feel like they have socks on, even though they are barefoot. Over time, this feeling spreads to your legs and hands.  Not sure, is a friend  it could be your thyroid. I would go to a walk-in clinic to get it checked out.  I would say you need to. The faster the better. I have the same thing and I know I don't feel good at all.  You may have strained a tendon or ligament. I would go to your primary care provider and have it checked out.  Yes, it is part of the inflammation process. You may want to try ice compresses for 20 min on then 20 min off and rest.  You should definitely go to the Dr. It could be an allergic reaction or something totally unrelated that also needs attention.  It is extremely unlikely to contract HIV by kissing. HIV is passed through blood (not saliva) so both of you would have to have open wounds on your mounts to be able to pass it. It sounds like you just had the flu, you will be just fine (:  I haven't fallen and hurt my legs at time in the last few months.  no  gout  gout  Allergies and sinusitis can sometimes cause swollen lymph nodes in the neck, but these usually go away fairly quickly. If you have noticed persistent swollen lymph nodes under the arm, it would be best to have them examined by your doctor.  Keep your throat moist and drink plenty of fluids, specifically those that will not dehydrate you (less or no caffeine). If you have regular issues with allergies, partner with your pharmacist and physician to make sure it is right for you, concerning the timing or current trimester of your pregnancy.  Can't be positive but it could be genital herpes,or it could just be a contact dermatitis (allergic or sensitive) reaction to clothing, soap, menstrual pads. While genital warts are often said to be painless, sometimes the tissue around them can become inflamed or infected by fungus or bacteria. Either way,go see your doctor. If they are genital herpes the antiviral treatments now available make them very treatable and their recurrence very less likely than they were even a decade ago. Warts are nowadays easily and painlessly treated with laser, so if that is what you have please ask for that (the older method,liquid nitrogen, is not that bad but often requires a few treatments). And with warts you will have to have follow up paps more often for a few years as they have been associated with a higher incidence of cervical cancers.  Hey this happened to me before I seen a doctor and he said it's from 3 things 1 not showing enough, 2 sweating, 3 it's kinda weird when he told me, but he says it's also from Jerking off.to much -_-  you probably support most of your weight on the foot. Its probably just stress on the bones and joints. I have problems with my right ankle when i stand on it for to long and im flat footed as well. I would suggest getting an ace bandage (the brown stretchy ones) and wrapping your ankles before going to work. It will give you more support. don't wrap them to tight or you'll cut off circulation, but do it comfortably tight. If that doesn't help then try jell insoles. I hope this helps  You really shouldn't try to walk too much if it hurts. And you should elevate it and alternate ice and heat at this point. Take some anti-inflammatory pills and rest it.  I have had swollen lymph nodes in my neck for year and I was told it's from smoking is this something I should look into further  id advice to seek medical attention right away!!!  Start taking low dose asprin daily. If you know you already have them, you may want to take 2. If the clots go to ur heart or brain without breaking down, it can be fatal.  I would. It may just be a bruise, but you could have chipped or cracked a bone.  This can sometimes happen once you start doing "personal grooming" in that area. Sometimes it can happen if there is a lot of friction as well... It is most likely an in-grown hair. What happens is that a hair follicle gets infected from not growing properly and a pimple-like pustule forms. It can be red or purple in color and can be very irritating and painful. Solution? It needs to be lanced or "popped". It's going to hurt when you do it, but once it's done, the pain will go away. Be sure to get a q-tip with rubbing alcohol or hydrogen peroxide on it and apply it the area. But JUST to that area. It might bleed for a little bit too. Just apply a little pressure on it for a few minutes and it will stop bleeding. Bathe or shower as normal. Just be sure to keep an eye on it.  Hi there! Happy to help. First you should know what is one of the causes of liver cancer and that would be tobacco smoking and/or genetic mutations from your DNA. That means your DNA gets damaged and your body cant fix it. But to get the professional help that you need it's a good idea to check in with a doctor and tell him/her your symptoms of liver cancer and the other symptoms that i am looking at for this question. But if you are 78 years old then chances are that muscle mass will drop. That is what happens when you hit the late ages. If you have right side pain most likely you might have appendicitis. So you must go to a hospital so they can remove that infected appendix. Nausea is caused by appendicitis. And feet swelling is mostly caused by late age so don't always panic if you get pain.  It depends on the condition of the bruise. Usually It takes about 2 weeks for a bruise to heel. A bruise means broken blood vessels inside your skin. The color comes from red blood cells leaking out of the broken blood vessels. Bruises are caused by deep pressure like an object hitting the skin with a certain amount of pressure. The bluish color comes from the skin metabolizing meaning breaking down the blood cells that leaked out of the broken blood vessels. It shows that your body is healing itself. After about 5 days the bruise becomes a yellowish green and after 10-14 days the bruise fades out.  Hi. First you should know what causes cancer. One of the major things is tobacco smoking or genetic mutation from your DNA.  Perhaps you need to use a water-based lubricant as well.  The best I way I have found is to use refreezable cold packs, but nothing is 100%. When using the cold packs, I use an ace bandage between the skin and the pack and then over the packs to give compression to the cold pack. This is the most helpful way for me. I am also very active, and using the ace bandages allows me to get up an walk around with them on if I need or want to. After the cold packs, I sometimes will use a hot bath or heating pad for a short time and then stretch and flex the knee to protect range of motion.  it could be the left tonsil...Look at it with a flashlight by looking at the throat. If you see anything white (white dots) they need to see a doctor. That is usually a sign of Strep Throat which can be extremely dangerous if not treated right away with antibiotics. If the tonsil looks healthy then it could also be a lymph node  Any bug bite has the risk of becoming infected. Due to your symptoms I recommend that you see your doctor! It may not have been a roach that bit you. People can also be allergic to roaches believe it or not.  I don't know the answer but I can tell you that my friend keeps her feet in ice while she gets chemo so that she doesn't get problems with her feet. I suggest asking about it at your next treatment. As long as the chemo doesn't need to get to your feet you should be able to do that. It restricts blood flow to the feet and blood flow=chemo flow! She also did the same with her hands. Hope this helps! Best of luck and keep fighting!  Sometimes rapid strep tests are not 100% accurate, however I've never heard of a false positive on them, just false negatives. The only other way to confirm the results of a rapid test is to have a throat culture sent to a lab and tested. The results from that usually take 3 days. How long have you been on the antibiotics for? If you have finished them you should go back to the doctor since they didn't help.    The pain in your armpit and chest area sounds like Mono I know because I had it summer 2012 and i am getting it again or lymphoma  Sounds like you got the Epstein Bar Virus or Mono (I have had both and am getting it again well rather that or Lymphoma) but as for the bite might not have anything to do with it but you might want to set it checked out along with a Mononucleosis test or Epstein Bar Virus test just to make sure and they can take up to a week for the results and Mono does not have a cure or treatment you have to get lots of rest and get some over the counter pain pills the reason I know is because I have had Mono Summer 2012 and I am getting it again well rather that or Lymphoma  It sounds like Mono or Epstien Bar Virus (They can cause each other thogh) because I had both in Summer 2012 and I still got the swollen lympnodes (If you get these from Mono they can last up to a year)not suppose to but I do and to tell you the truth I think I am getting it again but a whole lot worse Mono can lead to Lymphoma (same symptoms as Mono) and I know that because my ex did and well I know I got Lymphoma or Mono again but anyways if you got Mono there is no treatment for it the only thing you can do is get a lot of rest and take some over the counter pain pills and you cannot do hardly any physical activity because when you have Mono your spleen gets swollen and if you fall you could rupture your spleen and the result for that is Hospital for a while. Checked ones is what I got Mononucleosis Symptoms Pain or discomfort Enlarged or swollen glands Fever Excessive sweating Night sweats Skin rash Sore throat Yellow skin Yellow eyes Decreased appetite Fatigue Headache Tenderness to touch Weakness (generalized) Swollen tonsils Tender glands Unable to blink or close eyelid  Yes it was discovered I was allergic to Sulpha which is a main ingredient in Bactrim  I did a little research for you my friend and it seems to be several things. The one that might be above all is you might have a slipped disc in your Spine. If it sometimes seems to radiate through your spine to one of your legs this could be an indication as well. Try some yoga stretching and try to keep your spine in proper posture when this pain happens and see if it helps. OR It could be gall stones which can cause the same type of pain. However. None of this will be as good as a physician's X-ray of your back. If you can afford to get it checked out.    It's very possible it is gas. Gas can get anywhere in your body and make you feel like you're about to die.  Have you tried eye drops, or putting a cool rag on your eyes for a few minutes? you should try this, this is just a suggestion though.  Unfortunately spider bites have a tendency to cause infection and I believe we may be at this point in this situation. This could be the start of cellulitis which is a bad skin infection. I would advise seeing a health care provider as soon as possible. An antihistamine like Benadryl will not help.  One of the questions I need to ask this parent is if they used an antihistamine like Benadryl orally or just topically and does the pediatrician know about this condition? I also advise parents to use topical hydrocortisone and antihistamine products sparingly since it can be absorbed through the skin. What you really want to watch out for is if your child is having problems breathing or seems really tired or nonresponsive. In that case, they need to go to the emergency room immediately. If these symptoms are not present, I would schedule an appointment with the pediatrician for further evaluation. If you have any questions about proper medications to use in children, ask your pharmacist. Thanks for submitting a great question.  When I hear that eyes are red, swollen, and have pus, my recommendation is to see a doctor or health care provider as soon as possible. These are signs of an infection and you want to take this seriously because if not treated, it can lead to vision loss.  It may be due to TMJ. I had a swollen lymph node in my neck [left side] for months and then it disappeared. The diagnosis was TMJ.  Over-the-counter lip plumpers use ingredients that increase blood flow to the lips like cinnamon and wintergreen. When blood flow is enhanced the lips tend to get mild swelling and increase in redness. Sometimes these lip plumping ingredients can cause a sensation of tingling. Here is a link to an article that has lots of info about lip plumpers. http://www.webmd.com/healthy-beauty/features/bigger-lips-lip-plumping-products Take care <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p>   The kind of swelling you're describing doesn't sound typical to me; at a guess, I'd say it may mean that you have an infection. (That doesn't necessary mean an STI, BTW  it can be a typical, garden-variety infection). But make an appointment to see a urologist so he or she can assess it live and in person and let you know how it should be treated. Too many men decide to just ignore things like this because they're embarrassed, but keeping an eye on penis health is really important. Guys need to check themselves out every day, just to see if there are any changes that might indicate something. It also can help to use a good penis nutrient cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) regularly. One with vitamin A can also help to fight penis odor, a common problem for many men. Good luck!  You should go ahead and see your dentist who can examine the area and evaluate whether an intervention is needed.  Without examining you, it would be difficult to diagnose.Ulcers in the mouth could be due to various infectious and non-infectious causes. Since this has been going on for over a week, it would be best to check-in with your healthcare provider to take a look, formulate a diagnosis, and initiate treatment to relieve your discomfort.  It would be best to see a health care provider for an exam and possibly x-ray to check for dislocation or fracture. Here is more info about finger dislocation http://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/finger-dislocation  I had a total knee replacement in March of 2010 and I too, had some swelling it will go away with lots of Physical therapy, exercise and lots of ice.  Okay so I am assuming this glob is semi-hard almost like a stone? If so, you have tonsil stones. What happens is when you become sick or come in contact with some bacteria, it flows down the back of your throat and your tonsils act as a filter so it doesn't reach the lungs. Once inside the tonsil, this bacteria or foreign substance begins to reach the cells and the tonsil sends blood to that area. From there the white blood cells begin to attack the substance and form a barrier around it. I have some that are big as a pencil eraser. Soon a cough or even a rise in blood pressure can cause the tonsil to squeeze and pop it out of place landing at the base of your tongue. The trick is to expel and not swallow it, but if you do there is no harm in it. You can take a flashlight and look at your tonsils. If you see one, you can take a q-tip and press next to it. It might pop out. I read somewhere that by doing this it actually helps promote tonsil function and blood flow.  Hi.  you should really have no swelling. Take it easy and no heavy lifting for any reason. Get plenty of rest and a well balanced diet. If it does not seem it go down than I would go see my dr.  Adderall is not associated with the side effects you mentioned. MS Contin may cause swelling of the hands and feet as a side effect. However, it is not associated with causing joint pain. I suggest you talk to your healthcare professional if you are having symptoms that are bothersome.  There are many things that can cause swelling below the knee, known as edema. It is usually a result of fluid retention, and can be caused by several different health conditions. Cyclosporine has been associated with causing edema in less than 2% of the people that take it. I suggest you contact the prescriber and notify him/her of your father's swelling. They can tell you how best to handle it, considering his past medical history.  ... Swelling in the back of the neck and back in fibro, especially during a flare-up, is usually due to painful muscle spasms and bulging. Muscles that go into spasms will shorten in length, meaning they become thicker or bulge up. This appears as a swollen area to observe, and one can feel the lump or muscle swelling as well. It's not a true edema or fluid-type swelling. Heat or ice can help painful swelling/knots/nodules/spasms in the muscles. I prefer heat but some like cold better. Massage, stretching, and rubbing in a muscle cream are other types of self-directed treatments that may help and can be done by anyone anywhere. [A] doctor may consider prescribed treatments if the self-program does not settle down the pain. ...  ...Swelling can be associated with FM. Swelling is also seen in many other conditions including thyroid disorders, vascular problems, venous insufficiency, lymphedema, heart/liver/renal disease, and medicine side effects. Swelling should always be evaluated by your doctor to determine its cause. In FM, it's those darn dysfunctional sensory and autonomic nerves again that create the FM-related swelling problem. One of the many sensations the sensory nerves are capable of signaling is the sensation of swelling. We with FM often complain of feeling swollen, even if there is no clinical evidence of swelling, due to a dysfunctional misfiring of the sensory nerves. We with FM get actual swelling, usually a fluctuating puffiness in the fingers and ankles/feet especially, due to dysfunctional signals between the autonomic nerves and the small blood vessels causing more leakage. This can cause our rings to become so tight on our fingers, for example. And if there's swelling, there's more mechanical pressure/irritation of the small sensory nerves leading to increased pain. That's why it can be quite uncomfortable.... Because our nerves wax and wane in their dysfunctional behavior, so can our painful swelling symptoms if they are due to FM.  Allergies are the result of an overactive immune system. In response to a substance like pollen or pet dander, the bodys natural defenses become over-activated to fight the invader. Inflammatory reactions to allergens commonly occur in areas including the eyes, nose, and throat. An influx of white blood cells and local release of irritating chemicals are the bodys response during an allergic reaction. Swelling in the lymph nodes in the area of the neck, jaw, and throat can sometimes occur. However, swollen lymph glands can also be caused by viral and bacterial infections and other causes. Like the other symptoms of seasonal allergies, swollen lymph nodes eventually go away without causing any problems. If you have lymph nodes that are persistently swollen for several weeks, see your doctor for further evaluation.  Swollen lymph nodes closer to the surface of the body are generally diagnosed by a doctor's examination and feeling for areas known to have coalescence of lymph nodes, for example, swollen lymph nodes under the arms (axillary lymph nodes), swollen lymph nodes in the sides of the neck (cervical lymph nodes), or swollen lymph nodes in the groin (inguinal lymph nodes). These swollen lymph nodes can be seen and felt easily. Other times, deeper lymph nodes could be seen on imaging studies, such as CT scan of different parts of the body. Tonsils in the back of the throat are also lymph nodes, and they are the most visible ones in the body. Diagnosing the cause of swollen lymph nodes may be challenging at times. The most important component of evaluating a swollen lymph node is a thorough medical history and a complete physical examination by a doctor. The doctor may ask you about symptoms such as sore throat, fever and chills, fatigue, weight loss, as well as ask for a complete list of medications, sexual activity, vaccination history, recent travels, as well as your own and your family's previous history of cancers, if any. A group of lymph nodes in a particular area of the body react to disturbances in that general region. If there is a specific infection in the region of the swollen lymph nodes, that may be the most likely cause of swelling. For instance, an infection of the leg or some sexually transmitted diseases can cause swelling of the lymph nodes in the groin area. Physicians usually examine the lymph nodes by feeling them and characterize them based upon what the lymph nodes feel like. They could be characterized, for example, as: Large or small. Tender or nontender. Fixed or mobile. Hard or soft. Firm or rubbery. These characteristics can be useful in suggesting the cause of the lymph node swelling. For example, a hard, nontender, nonmoveable lymph node may be more characteristic of a cancer that has spread to that node. On the other hand, a soft, tender, moveable lymph node could more likely represent an infection. If the enlarged lymph nodes are suspected to be related to a cancer, then a biopsy of the lymph node may determine the cancer type. For example, a swollen lymph node around the collar bone (supraclavicular lymph node), may signify lung cancer in a person who may have other clinical clues suggestive of lung cancer.  Possibly hypothyroid. Look up conditions on here and see if they relate. That would be my best guess without knowing more. It can make you feel really bad if left untreated.  i am having some chest pain as well it started with swelling about a week ago and the pain seems to be getting worse everyday. my breast is burning and feels very heavy. i am more tired than usual. and my armpit is sore also  This is very normal. There are lots of nerves associated with the teeth and mouth, so swelling and pain is to be expected.    I don't know.  Hi Yes its a problem, but as they say there are no problems just solutions. So have you change you washing soap lately? Try getting her in a sea salt bath this may help in calming it down, just two handfuls of SS will do, get her to do this twice a day. If it will help get not to wear any knickers when shes indoors. Only wear cotton knickers, no trousers or tights. This is a start. Have a read up on this, Behets syndrome, its just a thought, read through this link, its from the Uks NHS. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Behcets-disease/Pages/introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read Will keep searching. Good Luck  Hi Has your wife by any chance changed her washing powder brand lately, you may be getting a reaction to if, try buying and wearing some new briefs for a few days see if it clears up, if so you know wear its coming from. Good Luck  Hi I think you should see a urologist, to get this small problem seen to, it would be the only way to go. Good Luck  Hi In that case I would get off to your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi found you this nice piece of info from Dr Dhide. The simple answer to that is yes, many antibiotics do affect menstrual periods. The mechanism of how that happens is mainly related to reducing the available estrogen hormone which can lead to a change in the cycle and make it irregular. Details As you are aware in the first fourteen days of a 28 day menstrual cycle, the follicle starts growing and the initial hormone production is mainly estrogen. This starts making the lining of the endometrium thicker. After ovulation estrogen is joined by progesterone from the corpus luteum making the endometrium denser and mature. Estrogen is not only metabolized by the liver but also re-circulated between the gut and the liver (entero-hepatic circulation). Antibiotics can affect estrogen metabolism in two ways. Most antibiotics are metabolized in the liver and their presence can affect the rate of metabolism of estrogen (and progesterone). This can change the supply of estrogen available in the blood and that can cause irregularity of the cycle. Some antibiotics cause diarrhea like symptoms as they change the gut flora. This causes excessive excretion of estrogen through the gut as there is less time for re-absorption of estrogen (thus affecting the entero-hepatic circulation). This too reduces levels of estrogen in the blood.. Thus by changing the levels of estrogen in the blood the cycle will get disturbed because the pituitary gland secretes it's hormones depending on the level of estrogen in the blood. It is now getting the wrong information and wont act as expected. Ovulation is dependent on the pituitary gland identifying that there is enough estrogen in the blood and all these delicate balances are scuppered on antibiotic treatment. This way, many antibiotics can cause irregular menstrual cycle. The other point to note is you take antibiotics when you are not well. But process itself can alter your bodys metabolic behavior and ability to maintain a steady level of the hormone. One very practical point to note are antibiotics can affect the level of estrogen (and progestin) of the oral contraceptive pills. This in turn can cause the OC pill to fail when antibiotics are used in the same time period. Antiobiotics like Rifampicin, Ampicillin and some Cephalosporins are particularly notorious for this. Now being on antibiotics for 23 day solid is not good for you, its just in case you need to be on antibiotics for something more serious, they wont work. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Look if your going to play around with sex, and not to happy to get pregnant, now would be the time to think about BC, there's the BC PIll, the ring, the implant, IUD or the cap or diaphragm, but don't think about depo shot just to many side effects.  Hi With what your saying go ASAP, if not try the ER. Good Luck  Hi Time to get off to your doctor, with luck he/she may lance it for you if its ripe, its about the best thing you can have done. Good Luck  Hi OK your now swollen, this should give you a clue, that Viagra is not very good for erections just for masturbating, and od hope by now its back to normal, in a resent article, a guy had to have his penis removed because he was keeping it hard through Viagra, if you have an erection for longer than 4 hours you should get to an ER ASAP, to have the blood removed, what happens is the blood goes bad, this makes your penis go bad hence removal of your penis. Take a tip just keep your Viagra for some real sex and not for masturbating. Good Luck  Hi Sounds just like a normal nit in the gonads, it happens to the best of us at some time during our lives, just some pain killers for now perhaps ice his testicles, the pain he's getting we all have had, tends to do that. But no swelling and no blood, sounds good, as for an exam? for he should be OK just give him 24 hours and see how he is then. Good Luck  Hi Did get it up with Firefox, Yes just try the salt water treatment for a few days twice a day if you can, just5 a heap teaspoon in hale a glass of warm water will do, and just give it a nice bath in it, see how it goes, great stuff sea salt, used for all kinds of stuff, vary natural way to do things. The foreskin treatment will work, did see it is very tight, you must have trouble cleaning behind it, and that is one thing us men must do, and daily if you can. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I think this could be just trapped wind, this can give most of what your saying except the hand swelling. So you either need some very strong mints, or some peppermint cordial, this you drink very strong, then go for a walk, hang on to your hat when the wind breaks. Do hope this helps you. good Luck  Hi Perhaps its time to go an higher level, start with the ER, let them have a look at it, perhaps they can get an MRI done of it and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Well just give it a few more days, the joint is a very tender place, so just needs that little bit longer, try rubbing in any kind of joint liniment, you may find this will help, and also massaging it will also help, another thing you could try is icing it for 20 minutes twice a day, this pulls blood into the area, and adds healing. Good Luck  Hi That's putting a big load on your shoulders, to say this then you must have something? If you both have something that's an STD, then get to an STD/GUM Clinic ASAP Good Luck  Hi The good old yellow jacket, and for some of us just wasps, OK what will happen each time we get stung by them the reaction we get, gets worst, sop yes it would be best to carry something that helps cut down the reaction to the pain. But you should be were, Epinephrine auto-injectors such as EpiPen and EpiPen Jr. may be kept on hand for self-injection by a person with a history of an severe allergic reaction, you did have 7 bites, I have had some multi bites and yes they do hurt but anti-histamine should help along with bite cream. If you read up about Epinephrine it states that you need to near a hospital or medical centre after you inject yourself, so could be a good idea or a bad one. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I would get him to an ER ASAP, they will clean him out, get things moving again. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If your doctor put you on antibiotics, and they have not worked, could be time for something stronger, to fight it off, but like you cant seem to find a link, the only thing that keeps coming up is cancer, and we don't even want to think of that. But some how this lymph node may be pressing on a vein that releases blood from the penis, it could be this that giving you the swollen look, if that's what your talking about. Sorry. Good Luck  Hi Your best bet would be the ER, ASAP Good Luck  Hi This is a visual thing, best treated by your doctor or a uro. Good Luck  Hi found you this link, see if it helps you. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23703415 Just copy into google to the www. to open and read Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Your question, do I take youre a man as a urethral stricture, is not a women thing. As for BV being the culprit, there no info concerning that that as a cause. Sexually transmitted infections such as gonorrhoea or chlamydia, are the two worst you can get that give a urethral stricture. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think the best advice anyone could give you is get to your doctor, ASAP, you have a problem that needs sorting out ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Try this, get a pack of condoms and suck on one, if you get the same reaction, then you will know what to do? I don't think I have to spell it out. One last thing is this before he ejaculates, or after, if its before then up top, if its after it could be his sperm, as he been put on any meds since this started? or it could be that his sperm has gone acidic, if that's the case then he needs to get looked at. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It would be best to wait till the swelling has gone down, and you get no pain just walking on it. But as soon as you start back jogging, just go lightly, don't go pushing it till it fills and you fill its ready. listen to your body. Get this wrong you could be out for many months, to long if you love jogging. Please don't rush. Good Luck  Hi It would be best to wait till the swelling has gone down, and you get no pain just walking on it. But as soon as you start back jogging, just go lightly, don't go pushing it till it fills and you fill its ready. listen to your body. Get this wrong you could be out for many months, to long if you love jogging. Please don't rush. Good Luck  Hi Best advice, go see your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi Its a mind boggler, you don't know what you could have done and we cant see it, I think its best you go show your doctor. Good Luck  Hi, Just a couple of days, if you have taken antihistomin, if not then it could be longer, and it also depends on your body make to how we react to stings. Tried any sting creams? icing it? Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi OK I think you are having a plaque problem, an d some of it has got stuck, with some oil on your penis just massage the vein, with luck it will move. Ok for your plaque problem, just get yourself on some cayenne pepper, this helps clean plaque from our blood, now this is something I take each day, first thing in the morning, you mix cayenne pepper in tomato paste, and then thin with olive oil, when you first make it don't go to heavy with the CP, you start on a low heat, over time your can build it up, unless you like really hot chilli's, CP is really good for men, good for your erections, prostate and heart health, but the main thing for now is to clean your blood. For more info go to www.cayennepepper.info Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS if you want you can add very fine chopped garlic, also very good for your blood.  Hi Try seeing a gyno for your lost periods, then you should had this seen to about 3 months ago. As for your leg try getting out walking, perhaps it needs some exercise, also some gentle stretching of the calf muscle may help, after walking and stretching, try icing it for 20 minutes, this will bring in extra blood, this should aid healing. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi And yes do know how it fills, the best thing you can do is take a antihistamine tablet, and try and keep is cool, if you have a packet of frozen peas, wrap them in a tea towel, and place this on the arm, your find that this will work wonders, refreeze them and do it again when you need it. But please don't eat the peas, just mark to bag and keep it in the freezer, great for all sorts of things. Good Luck  Hi It just sounds like you have been burning the candle at both ends, and they have met, hence burn out, look take a couple of days off, relax with lots of sleep, eat well, keep of any alcohol, drink lots of water. If you can, get out in the sun, it will boost your vitamin D, its the one good thing we get from the sun, this will make you feel good. Then see how you are before you go to your doctor. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Seems you have grown new skin, and its covered some hair follicles, these are now growing, here is the problem it just the same as ingrowing hairs, you need to get it open with a clean needle, if need be pluck out the hairs or perhaps it just one hair, give it a nice sea salt water wash, this cleans and aids healing. This should help you, but use no creams, just keep the sea salt water washing going, its one of the best things you can do for help, just wear cotton underwear, when you can go naked, this will help the healing. Please take care when shaving, try using a mirror in front of you, its kind of awkward at first, but your find it a lot better, than trying to look down. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS Sorry not so much naked, unless you like it, but no underwear.  Hi If your concerned, then yes go see your doctor ASAP, please just carry on thinking that way. Good Luck  Hi, To answer your lead question, Sodium retention causes fluid retention . Fluid retention in turn causes high blood pressure , and can ultimately lead to congestive heart failure. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Progesterone may also cause water retention in various parts of your body, so your legs swelling could just be another side effect. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as its swollen, Get To An ER ASAP if there's poison in the swelling the last thing you want is this running round your body, so go now. When you get the chance read through this link. http://benthamopen.com/rptcs/articles/V002/40RPTCS.pdf Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Think of this in future, Man has one life, he gets one penis, it has to last a life time, you should have been round your doctors the day you first found it, so doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi I would think your nearest ER would be the best choice, as you may need an x-ray. Good Luck  Hi Then just get to an ER ASAP. Good Luck  Hi, Cold sores could be your problem, you could try antivirac cream, to ease your pain and aid healing, or in the UK we use cold tea bags, you know the ones you have used, just leave them on your lips why watching TV. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Good Luck  Hi, First go have a look on www.earthclinic.com your find loads of natural help on there. For what I have and along with ED I take Cayenne Pepper, works well for what I have in my hands, have a read up about it on www.cayennepepper.info I take mine mixed into tomato paste, thin it down with olive oil, mix it to a heat that suits you, take 3 small tea spoonful's each morning first thing, and just keep at it. The links just copy into google to read them. Good Luck  Hi Get to your doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi Off the top of my head, so you swim, then there must be a simple exercise that would do the same thing, I would talk to a gym trainer, see what he/she can come up with. But are there no pools where you travel to then? Good Luck  Hi Things you should be thinking of, is when was the last time you had unprotected sex, and take it from there. But doing a home pregnancy test would be a very thing to do, its a starting point. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The bed wetting could be from you having a weak bladder, you can strengthen it back to normal by doing kegels, its a very simple exercise, just googel kegel exercise and take it from there, you should be back to normal after around 3 weeks, you just carry on at a slower rate after, they we also improve your sex life. As for the swollen vagina, have you had this since your urination problems, if so it should clear up when your bladder gets stronger. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So you not happy spraying saline water up your nose,. So have a look at the Neti pot there used for clearing up sinus problems, just like you have, have a read up about it on google, and you can also look at images on how it used, could be your nose dose not like the spray. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As I'm not from the USA, for me it would be get to hospital or start with your doctor, but sounds like you may have damaged a ligament or it could be your cartilage in your knee joint, the force of the blow could have done either. A MRI would tell the whole story, so would an ER be your first stop? Could be. But if you have some time before you go ice pack the knee joint, be doing this it brings in extra blood, this aids healing, a cheap pack of frozen peas in a thin cloth, are good for this, then just refreeze, and keep using, but don't eat them Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Found you this info from, http://www.patient.co.uk/doctor/intrauterine-growth-restriction , it should help you to work out how to go forward, but have you discuss this with your doctor or obstetrician? Risk factors The risk assessment must always be individualised and take into account the previous medical and obstetric history and current pregnancy history. The progression of a disease or starting medical treatment may increase the risk. The following are risk factors to be considered at the time of the booking assessment in the first trimester.[ 1 ] Major risk factors Maternal age over 40 years; smoker of 11 cigarettes or more per day; cocaine use; daily vigorous exercise Previous SGA baby; previous stillbirth Maternal SGA Chronic hypertension, diabetes and vascular disease, renal impairment, antiphospholipid syndrome Heavy bleeding similar to menstrual periods Fetal echogenic bowel Pre-eclampsia , severe pregnancy-induced hypertension , unexplained antepartum haemorrhage , low maternal weight Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A); a low level of the first trimester marker PAPP-A is a major risk factor for delivery of an SGA neonate. Minor risk factors Maternal age 35 years or older; nulliparity; BMI <20; BMI 25-29.9; smokes 1-10 cigarettes per day; low fruit intake pre-pregnancy Pregnancy interval less than six months; pregnancy interval 30 months or greater Paternal SGA Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, The big problem here is that its a visual thing, so either find a site, and were you can post a couple of pictures and then send in the links to them. Have your been giving him oral sex and sucking a bit to hard? could be a vein with some plaque in it, if it feels like a grain on rice it could be that, try massaging it and it may just go away, use some oil, unless its just a plain old pimple, if so you need to wait till it gets a head to pop it, when that happens it will clear up in 24 hours. Just do hope your both practising safe sex, either condoms or your on some kind of BC, pill, ring or cap, try to keep away from depo shot, please read the side effects of depo shot, just google it. Do hope this helps you, have fun. Good Luck  Hi, Then something has irritated it, some things to try giving it a soak in a Sea Salt bath twice a day for 3 days, see what that does for it. A couple of handfuls of SS will do in a warm bath. Try rubbing it with an ice cube twice a day. Keep out of jeans and tight fitting slacks, use only loose cotton knickers, and when you can don't wear any. Throw away the pads, now you know how bad they are for you. Hoper this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Doctor or gyno, she needs to get checked out, or this swelling could be a reaction to your sperm if she's on BC and your having unprotected sex. It could be that if your using latex condoms she is allergic to latex, there are latex free condoms you can buy, try these, your find most super markets stock and sell them. Dose she go red as well, another sign of latex allergy. Hope this helps. Good Luck  See last answer?  Hi Sounds like it is, try this see if it sooths it, get some sea salt and have a nice warm bath let the water get inside you vagina, this will help heal a soothe the inside if your vagina, sea salt is very good for the vagina, Google sea salt and the vagina for more info. But always carry sex oil with you just in case this was not at home, keep yourself well lubricated during sex, always good to have that extra slip. Do hope your on some kind of BC. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK this can happen it means you still have some pus inside it, the best thing is to open it with a clean needle, and get the rest of the pus out, when you done give it a good wash with sea salt water, this will help clean and heal it. Don't worry to much it happens. Good Luck  Hi Just looked at the picture, it looks just like pus. Good Luck  Hi If this is just under your knee cap, you may have damaged you ligament, you need some help if it is damaged an MRI would tell. some ice packing three times a day, tens treatment and some gentle exercise, would repair the damage, if its that. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just talking of my head, but with poor circulation you could try these fish oil omega 3, but if your really having problems then it could be plaque in your veins and arteries. A way to over come this problem would be these a mix of cayenne pepper and turmeric 50/50, mix this in tomato paste and thin with olive oil( olive oil also have omega 3), at first you mix this to a heat that suits you in a 6oz jar, to start with you take 3 small tea spoons 3 times a day. With this you can take chopped garlic and parsley, you chop a whole head of garlic very fine and in a 6oz jar you mix the a couple of desert spoons of dried parsley and mix with olive oil this is very good for your blood and will help clean it. Keep both in the fridge, you can add a spoonful of the garlic to the CP and T mix, suggest you wash each spoonful down with water, you will feel this working the heat will go round you body. If you try this, hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, So without seeing them, just try living with them for a while, let your body readjust to them, must seem odd having them back to wear they were before having children, time my dear women time. Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER you may need an x-ray, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER you may need an x-ray, ASAP Good Luck  Hi With your problem it would be best if you get to the ER, just hope its not a torsion you have from the injury, so ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi, I think if you as doctor/gyno, there is a small op to clear away you problem. Your find its that easy. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Some tips that may or may not help, but have you googled swelling in the legs, just to see what some sites say could be your problem. Also try www.earthclinic.com you see just simple things could help, like apple cider vinegar and cayenne pepper. When you had your blood test done do you know if it said anything about plaque, if yes then getting on some cayenne pepper will get rid of it, garlic will help thin your blood and do some other things, green tea is very good for your blood, the APV is good for lots of things but if you read up about it, its kind of negative on the answers,, but all they do know some how it dose work, it neutralises your system, works for me along with the CP and garlic. So hope something here helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Answer Above  Hi If your that worried just get back to the ER. Good Luck  Hi Are you giving it sae salt wash's twice daily, if not start now, SS will help clean and aid the healing if the piercing. If it carry's on see your doctor for some antibiotics. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Look for your own good get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi You said, Should I seek out medical advice from a specialist to be sure it is not something serious, like a tumor growth or possibly cancer. Yes you should and do it ASAP You never know and its no good putting it off. Good Luck  Hi First have a good look and see if you can see a hair inside, could be the reason that it wont close, if not don't worry, give it a sea salt water wash twice daily this will help clean and heal. Your shaving always need to be in the direction the hair grows, so it always downwards, I know you may think that its not as close a shave as you want, but doing it this way you wont get ingrower's, you can trust me on that, been shaving pubic' hair for way over 30 years, and my wife's, she has never had any ingrower's, in all the time I have been shaving her. Do Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi Money or not get to an ER ASAP, it does have an odd shape, and if you have to rely on this to earn you money, then you wont till its been seen to, only and x-ray will tell you the whole story. Good Luck  Hi I jus rub mine with half a lemon, seems to work for some but if you get the persistent ones like you have, I would two weeks ago seen my doctor. Good Luck  Hi Yes, sounds like she's having, having some kind of reaction. Good Luck  Hi No get to your doctor ASAP it could be that his testical has turned round, they can do that sometimes, the cord gets twisted. Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi If you have no other symptom's,? then restart your life, so off you go and see that cousin, she's waiting. Good Luck  Hi So just where is this swelling?  Hi You may find what's below is very helpful its from, http://www.menopausematters.co.uk/sideeffects.php Fluid retention is very closely related to weight gain but can be aggravated by HRT. Fluid retention can cause bloating (particularly at night), ankle swelling, facial swelling, headaches, leg discomfort and breast tenderness. If possible, losing weight can help, but sometimes the dose or type of HRT may be changed if the problem persists beyond the first few months of treatment. Breast tenderness may be helped by oil of evening primrose. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi See your doctor, see if can arrange for you to have a scan done, see what shows up. Good Luck  Hi With this it would be best that you see a doctor, ASAP Good Luck  Hi If these were cortisone shots they will do this, I have had the same many years ago. You could try cayenne pepper, you can google cayenne pepper for ra, your see some sites offering info. I take this daily for ED and do have some ra in my hand from working with fresh fish, and freshwater fishing through the winter. OK I take cayenne pepper in tomato paste, and thin it down with olive oil, if you start this, you must mix this to a heat that suits you at first, slowly overtime you can build up the heat, I take 3 small spoonful's first thing every morning, and wash each one down with water. Now it would be best you check with your doctor, just to see that your not mixing with any drugs. But please do read up about it. Good Luck  Hi Been having any unprotected sex then? if so you should get to your doctor and get a pregnancy test done, ASAP and take it from there. Good Luck  Hi This could stem from a Swollen Lymph Nodes/gland, just something to think about, if it is you should be able to feel it, its just under the skin.. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Sorry its a visual thing bit hard to see, look you have come on site telling all, so off you go and tell the same to your doctor, and let him have a look. This would be best. Good Luck  Hi I would get to an ER and have them looked at, sounds like the ripe and ready to be taken out, so being at the ER would be a good start. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Sounds like you have an infection, its either off to your doctor see what he/she thinks it could be, or off to the chemist, and see what they think would be best for you For me just some pain killers and of the bed with a nice hot water bottle a sweat it out, try some good cheese and onion sandwich's but strong on the onion, really good for cutting through the phlegm, lets you breath again. Good Luck  Hi So that was 6 weeks, and now its 3 months, I would still go back and tell them what you have said here, and tell them you cant spend the rest of your life wearing a jock strap. There must be something wrong. Good Luck  Hi So why don't you just fly home, taken it that you do have travel insurance, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Try this link it may just have the answer your looking for, with lots to read, but all very interesting. The link, http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/ate/heartandblood/201184.html Just copy in google to open and read. Good Luck  Hi, OK keep to pads till your period is over, it could be a yeast infection causing your problem, ok 3 ways you can go over the counter drugs, see you doctor for a test and meds, or natural methods for these googel, Sea salt and yeast infection Boric acid and " " " Garlic and " " " Have a read of these two links, http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm Just copy each one into google to open and read. Do hope the helps you. Good Luck  Hi if you read up about eunuch's, you will find that many of them had happy sex lives, even thought they had there testes removed. I would just do a little research, you should find your be OK But I would not leave it to long, could get worse, and then you could end up with ED, but on the brighter side you could then have a implant and be ready anytime. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds more like a bruised than broken, I would just keep icing 3 times a day and keep the painkillers going and if you have no broken skin some cream pain relief. Its either this or get off to the ER. Good Luck  Hi I think what ever bit you, just had a good time doing so, you must taste fantastic, that's all I can think of, and your just having an allergic reaction to the bites, either rub some fresh lemon on the area, and again later this will help calm it down, if not some bite cream, and if you have one try a antihistamine, tis will also calm things down. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Anytime you find blood in your stools get to your doctor ASAP And that is without your other pains and problems, if you have no doctor get to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi, You could be in some kind of latex shock, except they say there is not one, but for the swelling, use some crushed ice in a bag, just keep it on your vagina for 20 minutes, at a time, this should reduce your swelling. And next time you have sex get yourself some latex free condoms. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK best be off to your pysio therapist for some treatment, tens will help, but get in swimming daily, I had something similar, mine was left knee, outside left broken and inside badly damaged, had twenty sessions of tens treatment, did simple exercises like leg extensions with low weights around ankle, and did leg pull downs with low weights, but lucky I have a pool, so could swim daily did over a kilometre a day just doing breast stroke leg work, it got there in the end. They do repair thereselve's, I will tell you now there is no quick fix, just time, your know when its fixed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK best be off to your pysio therapist for some treatment, tens will help, but get in swimming daily, I had something similar, mine was left knee, outside left broken and inside badly damaged, had twenty sessions of tens treatment, did simple exercises like leg extensions with low weights around ankle, and did leg pull downs with low weights, but lucky I have a pool, so could swim daily did over a kilometre a day just doing breast stroke leg work, it got there in the end. They do repair thereselve's, I will tell you now there is no quick fix, just time, your know when its fixed. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi When you next wash your wounds that's leaking, do it with a good sea salt water, sea salt is great at cleaning and healing wounds. You can google sea salt and wounds, you find some great info. But trust me it well help. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you sinuses are blocked, see your doctor and get some decongestants, when you've cleared them out then see how things go. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Found you this, do you think its this? One particular virus (called Coxsackie), seen most often during the summer and fall, may cause the child to have a somewhat higher fever, more difficulty swallowing, and a sicker overall feeling. If your child has a Coxsackie infection, she also may have one or more blisters in her throat and on her hands and feet (often called Hand, Foot, and Mouth disease). Infectious mononucleosis can produce a sore throat, often with marked tonsillitis; however, most young children who are infected with the mononucleosis virus have few or no symptoms. What do you think? same or not? Good Luck  Hi I would see your doctor, its an outside chance that it could be arthritis or the onset on it. Good Luck  Hi Yes you should worry, get off to you doctor for help or google natural ways out of hpb. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Cant open your picture? But lets try and help with your tight foreskin problem, it needs gentle stretching, and very slowly you will be able you pull your foreskin back. With some baby oil just start stretching it with two hands first you do it side ways the length ways, try doing this every morning and night, just for a few minutes each time, you don't need to worry you wont break it. Go hope this helps you. Good Luck Try giving your penis head a salt water wash twice a day, may help you.  Hi Try this its very simple, you go to your doctor, gets some tests done, and let him/her work it from the for you. It would be the best way to go. You need to do this. Good Luck  Hi This would depend on how long you was having sex and if you got dry why doing it, this would cause swelling and tingling, or he getting some kind of reaction to your vaginal mucus, it can happen If you was having unprotected sex. Next time try it with a condom on, if he dose not get the same problems, you will know what it is, then get you vaginal mucus checked out, it could be a hormone thing. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its a bit hard to give some advice, its something that really needs to be seen, your best bet would go see a urologist, its in his field of work. Good Luck  Hi, Its a bit hard to help over the internet on this, as its something that needs to be looked why swollen, so it would be best if you see your doctor. Good Luck   Hi Its a bit hard to give some advice, its something that really needs to be seen, your best bet would go see a urologist, its in his field of work. Good Luck  Hi Its a bit hard to take a stab at just what it could be, its a very visual thing, I would have been at the doctors two weeks ago, so doctors or ER ASAP. Just remember that as men we only get one penis, and it has to last a life time, please treasure it. Good Luck  Hi, See answer above.  Hi After 3 months I think it would be time to go back, an see the surgeon who performed the operation, and start there, and any doctor involved. See what they say. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi, One of the main things to think about is that all your nerves and tendons, they run round the outside of your elbow, so if your getting pins and needles or any pains if your fingers, its all from this, The next problem is that it will take time for them to get better, try icing your elbow three times a day, for twenty minutes wrapped in a thin cloth. Get a cheap packet of frozen peas, these will do the job, just keep putting them back in your freezer, but don't eat them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Sounds like she just has a nice black eye from the fall, if she has some pain, just some child pain killers, but just keep icing it, it will help reduce the swelling, icing also brings in fresh blood and helps with the healing. Or if you don't like the answer just get to the ER. Your Call. Good Luck  Hi See Answer Above.  Hi Have your tried icing it, this would be a great help, should help bring the swelling down, if its the end of her finger, she may lose the nail, but don't worry it will grow back. When it comes to icing it try using iced water and keep her finger in that, apart from pain killer for the rest of the day and tonight, once she gets past this, she will just have to live with it. It may go some funny colours, till it gets really dark once you see the colour going back to normal, your know things are getting better. But keep an eye on her nail, try some kind of muscle rub on it, for me being English, it would be deep heat or counter pain are two we use. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Do you have any curve on that side, and not knowing you age does not help could be the start of Pyronie's disease, this could be the pain. But as for the swelling, well for some of us its called an erection, so from that how bad is this swelling? and is the swelling painful or something that just happens?  Hi Could also be tonsillitis, just as simple as that. Good Luck PS Its not just a kids thing, but as you get older the worst it gets.  Hi, It could also be vaginal thrush, or BV along with a common yeast infection. Its best you google all 3 and look at the side effects and see what you think match's up. But a trip to your doctor would be best advice, but as this frightens you, how would and STD/GUM Clinic do or would frighten you as well, the staff do know there job and are there to help you. But you could look up sea salt treatment for all 3, just google sea salt and bv, and so on, this way you don't have to stuff your body with antibiotics. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If the bites were on your hand then yes it could be from them, mozzi bites can be a bit of a bugger at times, Try some antihistamine and any bite cream you have rub this in where the bites are. Good Luck  Hi Yes it is, its from all the pleasure its been getting and from having orgasms, when this happens it means you have been having some good sex, and lots of foreplay. Its like you body saying thank you. Just enjoy your sex life, its very good for you. Good Luck  Hi I do take it you went to the ER, if so just go back to the same one, ask them to look at it, and let them take it from there, but swelling should have gone by now. Good Luck  Hi He's OK picking at a scab will do that, it going red means its healing, if the scab is still there, you can put a warm wash cloth on it, this will soften it and the rest should come off, always use salt water to wash cuts, its best. It should just re-scab overnight, but any redness is OK. Good Luck  Hi It takes 3 months for HIV to show through, these symptom's could just be from you worrying and stressing your self, after having unprotected sex. Try relaxing takes, some timeout, do anything than thinking you made a mistake. Good Luck  Hi I have had both hands done and never had what your having, by 6 weeks I was back at work both times, I think you should go back and see your surgeon who performed the surgery on you, something must be wrong, but this is my own persona feelings. And the second one I feel on about 8 weeks after the op, did get a small pain for a couple of weeks but that is all I ever had. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi your find going through puberty is playing havoc with your hormones, which then plays havoc with your lymph nodes, best you go see your doctor to get this confirmed. Good Luck  Hi Hands and feet swelling is quite common, try some really good aloe vera gel , this should do the trick unless you have a plant, then cut in thin slices and just rub in the swollen areas, works really good. Apart from that ice pack the swollen bits, try packs of frozen peas, in a thin cloth, just for 20 minutes each time. Good Luck  Hi I think you should pop off to the ER or your doctor, and get put on a course of antibiotics, sounds like it has infected you, this is what happens when we try to be friendly with stray cats, always keep this in mind, you never own a cat it owns you, a cat has to like you and trust you for a long time before it will befriend you, but of course feeding it will help, they will trust you but only at arms length, it takes a lot for a cat to be tamed. But do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Then go see your doctor, but if you think this is an emergency get to your local ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi Well it sounds like his nose is just very sore, try ice packing it. Try him on some antihistamine's these should help him, then he needs to be on them daily till what ever pollen is upsetting his nose stops. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find its not just the nuts, your find the there all sorts of peanut trace in food, you would really need to be observant on what you bye her. But it would really be best to give her home cooked meals and snacks, this way you would know there is nothing peanut oil or any peanut associates of any kind in your cooking, this will come down to very careful label reading. Your find it a very hard life from now on, and your daughter will need to do the same thing. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think its about time you went to an ER, sounds like you may have broken something. Good Luck  Hi, For I Have had a vasectomy way back in76 and my ejaculate is not clear. ok may not be as thick, then I am 67. I think that you should seek better help with his problem, this was from a big trauma, he now needs to find a top Urologist who can work for him, find out just what his now problem is. The work he had done from the accident, they could have either cut something or he has something caught up in stitching what did they do for his swollen testicle at the time? As you have not said just how long ago this was or his age, if this accident was not his fault and he has a claim against the other driver, just hope its not settled yet. Do hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi, Tineacide is for the feet, so how do you have a sore penis, the two don't relate, as there would have been other sore parts in between. Unless you have been using it on your penis? Perhaps that's why you got your UTI? Just answer through, answer this, above.  Hi, This is for your own good, if you think your having a prostate problem, get to your doctor and get it sorted, this is something you do not want to play about with by asking questions. Your doctor is your first call, so please don't wait get going. Good Luck  Hi, It may be difficult to tell the difference between a sprain and a break. So the best thing you can do is get off tom the ER , reason you may be in need of an x-ray, this way all these are under one roof even if it needs plastering. So off you go ASAP Good Luck  Hi I would get back to were this was done, you may have blood vessel either open or its been tired off during the simple op. But get back ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Have a read of this link, it may help you. The Link http://www.wikihow.com/Treat-Frostbite Hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi The ureter is between your kidney and bladderso it could be kidney stones. It could be Hydronephrosis is a condition where one or both kidneys become stretched and swollen as a result of a build-up of urine inside the kidney(s Could be, Reflux nephropathy is a condition in which the kidneys are damaged by the backward flow of urine into the kidney. And last could be a Urinary tract infections (UTIs) this can go back through your system to your kidneys and this would be going through your ureters to get there. Do hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi Sorry but arthritis does not spread, but once you find it one joint then there a good chance your get it in others. OK now you have it try this it will help calm it down, its cayenne pepper, yes the hot stuff, if you can take the heat, some cant. Sop you do this get a 12 oz jar your half fill it with tomato paste, add into this some cayenne pepper, add some olive oil and mix so its smooth, first thing in the morning, before you do anything else you take 3 small spoonful's and you wash each one down with water, see how it goes it will warm you up as the heat goes round with your blood, after this start you can up the amount of cayenne you put in but slowly, with each mix. For more info go to www.cayennepepper.info lots to read CP is good for our body's. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi The ureter is between your kidney and bladderso it could be kidney stones. It could be Hydronephrosis is a condition where one or both kidneys become stretched and swollen as a result of a build-up of urine inside the kidney(s Could be, Reflux nephropathy is a condition in which the kidneys are damaged by the backward flow of urine into the kidney. And last could be a Urinary tract infections (UTIs) this can go back through your system to your kidneys and this would be going through your ureters to get there. Do hope this helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi The problem is that its a visual thing, it would be best get to your doctor let him/her look at it, it could be nothing or something. Just might need a small op to get rid of it, you own doctor may do it. Good Luck  Psoriatic arthritis causes painful inflammation in and around your joints. It usually affects people who already have psoriasis, a skin condition that causes a red, scaly rash, especially on your elbows, knees, back, buttocks and scalp. However, some people develop the arthritic symptoms before the psoriasis, while others will never develop the skin condition. Psoriasis can affect people of any age, both male and female, but psoriatic arthritis usually only affects adults. People with psoriasis may also have other types of arthritis, such as osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis, but these aren't linked to the psoriasis. - See more at: http://www.arthritisresearchuk.org/arthritis-information/conditions/psoriatic-arthritis/what-is-psoriatic-arthritis.aspx#sthash.Ysyo2DKR.dpuf Try this site its very helpful and this link to it. The link, http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/psoriasis2.html#cayenne Just copy link into google to open and read Hi, I take CP each day, primly for ED but its cleared my arthritis up, I take mine mixed in tomato paste thinned down with olive oil, you start off by mixing to a heat thats suits him, and over time you can increase the heat of the CP the higher you go up the better it will be, to keep it away, the mix he take first thing in the morning, 3 tea spoons, wash each one down with water, he will feel the heat going round his body. To start with try getting him to take in 3 x 3 times a day just for 2 weeks, just to get things going, then cut back to just mornings. Do hope this helps you and him. Good Luck  Hi Then its time to go back to who ever did this operation and start with to why your getting these problems. Its up to them to sort out your problems, did you not have any kind of follow exam? Good Luck  Hi From the first pic I would not worry to much unless your getting pain, but from the second pic, looks like hour glass penis. When you erect can you get your foreskin back? If so this could be your problem, even if its only just started to show, getting circumcised may be of help, try seeing a doctor or a uro. Good Luck  Hi I you think things are that either get to an ER for an emergency release of backed stools, at the same time see what they say. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi If I was you I would go straight back to my gyno, or this could be a hair follicle's that are now not doing you any good, but again see your gyno. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Just get your self off to the ER ASAP, let them sort out your problem. Good Luck  Hi Did your mother not teach you to wash under your foreskin daily, its something all guys should do, and if you can straight after sex always, well you never know what's going to happen next with your lover, may want to give you oral sex, see you should always keep your penis clean. Doing all the above no guys will get Balanitis its something you just don't want. If your foreskin is tight just try some simple stretching, side ways and length ways, just use some baby oil it will help, by doing this you will loosen your foreskin, so it will move up and down more freely. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you may have a yeast infection, get to your doctor for some meds, or you can try the sea salt way, its very simple to do, you have warm sea salt baths twice a day, you need to let the water get inside you, its just a couple of handfuls of sea salt each bath. For more info just google sea salt and a yeast infection. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Found you this on everyday health.com, tells it like it is. Youve likely read how smoking can cause lung cancer and heart disease. Now its time to read about what smoking does to your feet. Sometimes a doctor can tell just by looking at patients' feet whether they smoke, says James Mahoney, DPM, an associate professor of podiatric surgery at Des Moines University in Iowa. The skin on their feet is often thinner, shinier, and reddish in colour, he says. Your feet are located a long way from your heart, which means that even under the best of circumstances, they don't receive as much blood circulation as other parts of your body. And if you smoke, your body is definitely not working under peak conditions. A condition called peripheral arterial disease  which affects about 8 million Americans  is one way that smoking can seriously harm your feet. Did say, tells it like it is. Good Luck  It could be a number of things, but it sounds most like it might be a bulging disc. I would start by going to you doctor or to a physical therapist. In some cases, you can get steriod shots to relieve the pain, but thats dangerous because you could risk further damage too. I would check with your doctor before doing any other kind of strenuous labor like moving heavy items, lifting furniture, carrying heavy packages, etc.  It is probably not gout, if it were gout it would be swelling in one particular area like the base of the big toe. It could possibly be athletes foot, but I would try to see a podiatrist or even possibly a dermatologist. I wouldnt try any more home remedies, that might be increasing the irritation.  Hiatal Hernia can make you feel like you have swallowed something the wrong way or make you get choked or a blockage while eating. It can cause pain in your chest similar to heart attack . Usely goes away in a few minutes unless you get a blockage. Then you can't swallow any thing.  No, it is by prescription only go see a doctor.  NO WAY! It is not worth the risk of giving yourself a bigger pain with that ankle. What I now know is that when an ankle bruised. All those muscles that were able to help you not get hurt before are strained and stretched and if it heals proberly then you might be able to continue same lifestyle. AFTER it has mended. If you make one simple bad move that might not seem difficult. It could. That is when you potentially always have a bad ankle. Really, just sit this one out.  those are typical allergic reaction especially she has identified those that triggers it.. those laboratory findings got nothing to do w/ allergies.. H.Pylori are microorganism usually found in stomach and they are the one causes gastritis and stomach ulcers.. blood type probably got nothing to do w/ allergies but sometimes allergies runs in the family.. rheumatoid factor is a test done for people who are suspected of rheumatism and arthritis thought RF is also an immune response just like allergic response but they got different roles..  those are typical allergic reaction especially she has identified those that triggers it.. those laboratory findings got nothing to do w/ allergies.. H.Pylori are microorganism usually found in stomach and they are the one causes gastritis and stomach ulcers.. blood type probably got nothing to do w/ allergies but sometimes allergies runs in the family.. rheumatoid factor is a test done for people who are suspected of rheumatism and arthritis thought RF is also an immune response just like allergic response but they got different roles..  i'm no medical doctor or anything, but it sounds like it could have something to do with a nerve.  See a rheumatologist for an arthritis evaluation.  could be bad circulation..go see your family doc.  I have gotten thrush from taking antibiotics. Mouth and throat got so tender I couldn't eat. My MD prescribed a syrup that cleared it right up. $4 at the pharmacy. He called it in. Thrush will give you a white cotton mouth. Also either Crest or Colgate makes a probotic mouthwah that will help. But it burns when you first start using it.  It could be due to less circulation of blood and lack of enough oxygen. Wearing stockings would improve the blood flow.  When does a doctor decide to remove a swollen non cancerous lypmph node  HI. I am eight weeks postop and still have pain and swelling, albeit much less then it was a couple of weeks ago. I do exercises every day. I also use the Flexinator machine three times daily for flexion( helps relieve pain, providing u can get thru the pain of using it...its TOTURE!!! LOL...) Use your pain pills, do your physio, work thru the pain and don't give up!!! Yes, I think that pain eight weeks following surgery is normal, but you should also have shown vast improvement from two weeks post-op FEEL BETTER and do your physio!!  I also wanted to mention there is almost no bruising just some VERY SLIGHT discoloration.  All of us are anxious to see results. Whether it is cosmetic surgery or building a home, we like to see the work done and sometimes become inappropriately impatient. I often have to remind patients that with any operation, it takes nature 100 days to do the basic repair work and absorb most of the swelling. Whether that is an artificial hip replacement, a hernia repair, a breast reduction or rhinoplasty or septoplasty, rhinoplasty with turbinate resection (which not only improves appearance but also improves the airway and prevents sinus problems)  it takes time for ole Mother Nature to do its job. We cant rush nature; we cant push the clock. We have to understand that this is what it takes to finish the job. You know the old saying, Rome wasnt built in a day. Great noses are built in day. But, it takes weeks or months for all the swelling to go down. Now, this does not mean that the nose looks hideous or is unattractive. Typically within seven to 10 days, the nose looks very good. But it continues to get better. It ripens like wine. Swelling goes down. Refinement sets in. The nose becomes thinner and more delicate, less bulbous. But all this takes place a tiny bit each day. Patients, while told ahead of time that it takes weeks and up to a couple months for the appearance to optimize, often become impatient and ask, Whats wrong? Why is my nose still swollen? or What can be done to make the swelling go away? We have to be frank and say to them that we cannot push nature beyond its speed any more than human beings can run faster than the fastest runner can run, or make corn grow six feet in one week. There are certain limitations that nature imposes on all things human. However, if the cosmetic plastic surgeon reminds the patient that the outcome will be better than it appears at a week or a month or two months or three months, then hopefully, the patient  and family  will accept that. Just this week, one of our cosmetic nasal plastic surgery (rhinoplasty) patients came in. Prior to surgery, she was an otherwise attractive young lady but had a crooked nose that was bulbous, had a bump. Too big for her delicate face. Further, it was turned down such that every time she smiled, her nose almost hit her lip. The crookedness implied internal blockage and indeed she had trouble breathing because of a deviated septum and enlarged turbinates. To make matters generally worse, she had some facial asymmetries, which were also mirrored in the nose. That was another reason why it looked crooked. Not the simplest of cases, right? Nonetheless, the prospects for success were very good when we took on the case in June of 2009. The case went very well. Mission accomplished. We straightened the nose, corrected the asymmetry, took off the bump, narrowed the tip. We raised the tip from the lip and prevented the nose from plunging with every smile. But the nose was swollen in the first week or two  perhaps a bit more than the average  but that reflected how much work was done. But after the second week, things got better and three weeks later, she was looking quite decent and could now appreciate the improvement. Unfortunately, the patient and her parents were a bit anxious and somewhat unrealistic about what it would take nature to deliver the final result. I kept assuring them that everything was on course, that things were getting better and not worse, and that nature would finish the job by adding additional refinements as the swelling was reduced. At six months, the nose looked terrific, but I knew it would look better even after a longer period of time. Now in this case, understand that because the patient has thick skin and such extensive surgery, the complete healing period was somewhat prolonged. When she came in this week, it was 13 months after the surgery. She looked fantastic. Extremely happy. Now, a beautiful woman. Since the last visit, the nose had improved significantly over a period of months as predicted. Yes, it took nearly a year which is not typical (usually it is three to six months for optimization), but thats what it took for this particular young ladys nose. We had no control over nature. But, we had trust. The important thing is to remember that once the result was in, this teenager has it for the rest of her life. Yes, it takes some patience and fortitude to ride out the reduction of swelling and the further improvement. But when you think while it took longer than usual, one year, compare that to the lifetime of pleasure that now follows. Maybe that wait wasnt quite so long.  Who are you dating? Hannibal Lector? Yes, a bit can cause a deep bruise called a hematoma, and this can form a lump for a while. It should eventually go away as you body reabsorbs the blood in this tissue....and, if your boyfriend bites you again, HE should go away.  Sounds like it is time for you to see your medical provider so that you can have your throat and ears properly examined. If you have an infection that is causing the pain, your medical provider can help.  If your son is urinating okay, the bruised penis should heal without an lifelong problems. If he is having any pain or restriction in his ability to urinate, it would be good to have his medical provider examine him. In the meantime, cool compresses may help. Every time I see a "girls bike" without those crossbars, I often wonder why only girls (especially girls who no longer where long dresses or skirts) use them. They are much more appropriate for boys....for this very reason.  As you know, I have no way of seeing your boyfriend's tailbone area, but based on your description, he may have a PILONIDAL SINUS TRACT. You can do some personal research on this relatively-common condition on the Internet by putting those words in your search engine. The only cure of pilonidal sinus tracts, especially ones that occasionally or frequently become infected, is their surgical removal. It is important that this area remain very clean and, if possible, hair-free. Hairs can occasionally grow into these open areas, and some have hair follicles within them. When this happens, there is a greater chance of a secondary infection.  That would be highly unlikely unless the swollen prostate completely blocked the urine flow and no one did anything about it and the person went into kidney failure.  No. Ibuprofen 800mg is the maximum single dose....never take TWO.  Yes, your finger could be broken IF the x-rays did not clearly show your finger. The palm of your hand is a different area, called the metacarpals, so make sure the x-ray viewed this area as well, or you may need another film. Sprains do not show up on x-rays...just bones. Since I can't examine you, you may need to see a medical provider again if the treatment is not helping.  The cause would depend on whether you were a male or female, but basically, the urethra is subject to inflammation associated with sexual activity, and/or infection (urethritis). You may want to repost your question with a bit more details than just a few words....  Finding the cause or causes of hives is VERY clinically difficult. There are no tests that would conclusively determine the specific cause. You can due hundreds of tests and perhaps get a few things that show up positive, but that does not prove this is the specific cause. There are no tests for "rare causes", unfortunately. Of course you and her mother are frustated. Who wouldn't be? Frustration does not make it any easier in finding a cause, so the next, best thing to do is just treat her for hives with something that works...and something that she can take every day.  No, this is not a sign of bruising, but it may be a sign of contact reaction. Since the redness and swelling has occurred in both hands at the same time, there is a possibility that he picked up more than just a sand bag. If he picked up or handled cement, this is an entirely different problem. Cement does cause the hands to become red and irritated. Did he put his handprint into some fresh cement? I think you need to do a little more investigation of a nine-year old boy's day.  The medical provider is quite skilled at smelling tobacco on your breath, but there will not likely be any telltale signs of your smoking from just looking at your tonsils. You are more prone to tonsillitis and other upper respiratory infections BECAUSE you are a smoker. Don't be a fool, my young friend. When you start smoking young, you are more likely to start having serious consequences at a younger age, so don't be surprised in the future when a doctor tells you that you have cancer or some type of other serious, cigarette-related illness. STOP NOW....not because it is illegal, but because only stupid people and people who do not plan on living a long and healthy life, smoke.  If you are not improving in a day or so, you may need to see a medical provider for an examination. Medical providers are bound by confidentiality, so please don't worry that your secret will be revealed to a parent. Just insist on being in the exam room alone and then disclose how this happened. What you tell a parent is really up to you.... In the meantime, spend some time sitting in a hot bathtub....and keep fingers and other objects out of your vagina until you have healed.  You will need to see your medical provider right away. This is not something you can accurately diagnose or effectively treat at home. A pimple may have caused a deeper skin infection in the skin lining of the ear canal, called cellulitis. This requires prompt treatment, usually with an oral antibiotic and/or an antibiotic ear drop. A pimple will not cause a "middle ear infection" but it can certainly cause in external ear infection (otitis externa).  Ahhh....Sandbox Eyes. I see this quite often. The next step, assuming he is still crying, rubbing his eyes, and complaining, is to see a medical provider to see if he has a CORNEAL ABRASION - a painful scratch on the cornea. You will need to take him to an Urgent Care facility. The medical provider will put a drop or two of an anesthetic solution to numb the eye (instant relief!). A tiny amount of bright-yellow, fluorecein dye will be put in the eye to reveal any scratch. It can be seen using a "black light" in a darkened examination room. If he does have a tiny scratch, he will need some antibiotic drops or ointment for a few days while it heals. These things are painful, but fortunately, they heal very fast.  Lymph nodes, perhaps, but never a ganglion (nerve cyst).  Her prognosis would be unclear at this time. Not knowing the details and findings of her scans (CT, MRI, etc.) and her neurosurgeon's assessments, there is really no way to guess at an outcome. The fact that she survived to go this far is really a miracle, so since this is a season of miracles, you can sincerely wish for a complete recovery in time. How long? That also could not be determined. The brain has a remarkable way of healing itself if the damage is not extensive. I am sure that the family has been well-informed, so you may want to talk with a family member for more details. Go visit her if you can. Sometimes, the voice of a dear friend can be excellent medicine, too.  What KIND of medication? You may have a common case of balanitis due to yeast or even a bacterial infection, but unfortunately, this would take an examination to definitively determine -- not something that can be accomplished over the Internet. See your medical provider so you can be properly diagnosed and treated.  Not likely. A toe injury should not cause the systemic symptoms like you are describing. You most likely have something else going on; perhaps a viral infection in addition to your injured toe. There are no rules in medicine that states that a person can only have one issue at a time, or that all symptoms must somehow be "connected".  Your toe needs medically-evaluated, but it is not really considered an emergency. If you have the option, seeing your regular medical provider or an urgent care facility may be more appropriate (and less expensive). The blood under the nail may need evacuated and the toe may need to be x-rayed.  There can be many reasons, but it would not be possible for me or any medical provider to be able to specifically determine that cause you YOUR testicle pain blindly over the Internet. You will need to see your primary care medical provider or a urologist.  Not knowing the type of spider (venomous or not) or the age/wieght of your son,. I would advise you to seek medical care. An area of swelling the "size of an orange" is very concerning.  The condom can cause an irritation, but so can the act of vaginal sex....especially for the first time.The redness or swollen area at the entrance to your vagina could be from some tiny tears along your hymen (assuming you still had one at the time you had sex for the first time) Burning on urination could be "cystitis", irritation and inflammation at the opening where you pee (used to be called "honeymoon cystitis" back in the days when the honeymoon was the first time a woman had sex), or even a urinary tract infection. Sexual activity can stir up a lot of germs in this area -- and germs can lead to a urinary or bladder infection. Germs can come from fingers, mouths (oral sex) as well as a penis. Now that you have chosen to be sexually involved, you have a responsibility to make adult-like decisions when it comes to your medical care. If you do have a urinary tract infection (burning on urination, frequency, urgency, or even blood when you wipe), this needs to be medically evaluated. A urine test will not reveal your recent sexual debut, so it is really up to you whether to disclose this information. A pelvic examination is not usually needed to make this diagnosis...only a simple urine test. My suggestion would be for you to get checked...just in case. Women and girls of all ages can get urinary infections, whether they are having sex or not. Obviously, infections are more common if you do have sex. I am pleased that you and your partner used a condom. Make sure you use them 100% of the time or urinary burning will be the least of your problems.  I don't know...you didn't post the LOCATION of this gland (or lymph node). For genital herpes, this is usually in the groin area.  No....the arm may or may not be swollen and the child could still have a fracture or dislocation.  All the doctor needs to do is just look in your mouth....the tonsils are easily visible. A decision to do a throat swab is really based on your medical history an the appearance of your throat/tonsils.  He can start with his primary care medical provider. While an orthopedist or rheumatologist could be needed, the primary care provider would be able to determine which one would be appropriate, based on his or her examination and diagnostic blood tests.  I have no way of assessing the severity of your injury over the Internet, nor predict if you will get a subsequent injury. In order to get those answers, you would need to be examined first-hand (no pun intended) by a medical professional, and perhaps, have an x-ray of your hand to rule out a subtle fracture.  Only if the shingles are on your face. Shingles follows a specific nerve pathway.  I really can't address your question, since I do not know anything about you, your medical history, or if it is, indeed, your ovaries, that are causing your symptoms. Women can have ovulatory pain, but without knowing your cycle, I can't really make that blind assumption. I would suggest that you call your medical provider -- someone who does know your history, and someone who has the capabilities of examining you first-hand;  A hemorrhoid is really a "varicose vein" in the circle of veins around your anal ring. They can be inside the anus (internal) or outside (external), but not an inch away. Your mass is "something else", but it would not be prudent to blindly guess. You will need to be examined. It could be cyst or even an abscess (if it is tender), but there are other possibilities. Get it checked out.  Zithromax will have no effect on influenza. It is an antibiotic and this would only work for a BACTERIAL infection; influenza is a virus. The prednisone may have been for wheezing (?). Neither medication will cause swollen lymph nodes, but your underlying medical issues, whether it was influenza or not, certainly can. You would need to see your medical provider again to properly evaluate the significance of those nodes.  Not necessarily. We often wait a week or so before casting. If you put a snug cast on a freshly-injured area, the cast will not fit properly when the swelling goes down, and even worse...if the area started to swell more, this could compromise the blood flow to the feet/toes. Many will put the person in a special boot, instead of a cast, but that depends on the fracture. There are many types of ankle fracture; some are more stable than others. If your doctor feels that a plate is needed, this may be because this fracture is unstable. Because the ankle is a weight-bearing joint, there are many considerations when it comes to managing these fractures. Your son should be totally on crutches with no weight-bearing, and hopefully, he has not had subsequent injury in the last week since the original fracture was diagnosed (this can happen). A comparison x-ray may be required.  An enlarged liver or spleen in someone with mononucleosis would prohibit them from playing contact or collision-type sports. Everyone's recovery from mono is different, so there are really no set rules for when to return to sports. She would need to be , who would certify that (a) her liver enzymes have returned to normal, (b) her liver and spleen are no longer enlarged and subject to injury, and (c) she has recovered to the point of being able to handle the rigors of practice and games again.  This could be a peritonsillar abscess .....one-sided, severe tonsillar swelling is the primary sign of this potentially-serious problem. Since I can't see it, my advice would be to seek medical care as soon as you can. You need to be re-examined. Unless your doctor specifically tested you for Strep before prescribing the Keflex...failure to respond or even worse on antibiotics could indicate that you have mononucleosis (mono), so this should be considered when you are seen today.  I cannot specifically advise you since I do not have the ability to SEE or EXAMINE your injuries, so seeing a medical provider would be prudent -- a vague description is not sufficient information to determine the significance of your injuries.  Call the orthopedist...the one that performed the surgery. You are going to need to be re-examined today in most cases.  It is very difficult for me to comment on your case, since I do not know any of the details, including the reason for the antibitoics in the first place. Not all "swollen glands" are bacterial, so if you a a viral infection, they would not help (no matter what antibiotic you chose) If you are getting worse, it is up to your doctor to run some additional diagnostic test. I think this would be better than just throwing another (a 4th) antibiotic at it without really knowing if the underlying reason justifies it.  There is always a possibility of a fracture when you have a crush injury. The only way you will be sure is to have it x-rayed. If you don't have any fractures....great, but if you do, it is going to require a different treatment plan. The sooner you know FOR SURE, the better.  You will need to see your medical provider so you can have your hand/fingers properly examined. It would not be possible to determine the reason(s) for your swelling over the Internet, since the exact details of your fractures is not known.  It is not really the swollen node that is the issue, but rather the underlying CAUSE of the node reaction. The groin lymph nodes drain a huge area of the body -- from your toes to your groin. People are often surprised when the culprit is an infected toe or irritated scratch on the leg. Inflammation in the groin itself like infections (I don't know if you are male or female....different parts!), ingrown or hair follicle infections, shaving, etc. all can cause groin reaction. Having a careful exam -- looking for possible sources of this node reaction -- is important, but this is not likely to be a "rush to the doctor right away" type of urgency. It should be checked, however.  It is not possible to make a blind diagnosis over the Internet. In other words, if I can't see it first-hand during and exam, and actually feel it, it would not be possible for me, or any medical provider, to offer you a definitive answer. You will need to see a medical professional or dermatologist. Sorry.  Rocephin is very appropriate for cellulitis, but may need more than just one injection. We often give one injection a day for three days, depending on the severity of the cellulitis and response, and yes....it is very important to remain on oral antibiotics for a period of time until the cellulitis has resolved. Penicillin is only one of the many choices that can be used.  It is not your inner ear. This is any entirely different part of your ear, near your brain. If the pencil went that far, you would have other issues for sure. Assuming that you are the one who put the pencil in your own ear, my advice would be for you to just leave the ear alone now. A bit of dried blood is not going to hurt anything, but any attempts to remove it could cause more problems. You may have even punctured your own eardrum. Without an examination by a medical provider, there is really no way to know what is going on in your ear CANAL. It could just be scratched, but that is a blind guess.  By posting this question, you are indicating concern, so it would be in your best interest to see a medical provider so that you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated --- not something that can be accomplished on-line in this forum.  Because you are hypersensitive, even allergic, to the mosquito bites. It would be wise for you to use an effectie mosquito repellant when they are about, and have a good cortisone-based cream to apply the bite sites. An oral antihistamine may also help.  I am sorry, but I have no way of blindly diagnosing your ear problem over the Internet, let alone treating you. If your current medical provider is not helping, please ask for a referral to an ENT (Ear, Nose, and Throat) specialist.  See a dentist immediately.....  You may need to see TWO professionals: a dentist and your primary care medical provider (if this ends up not being a dental problem....unlikely). See the dentist first.  First....ice compresess or soak it in a glass of ice water. Second, you need to make a determination, based on the severity of the injury and the nature of the injury (how it happened), if you need to seek medical care for a possible fracture. Since I don't know the details, I would suggest that seeing a medical provider would be appropriate.  I wish that I could address your question, but without the ability to see your infection first-hand, I would only be making a blind guess (not something that medical providers like to do). My suggestion to you is to call your medical provider -- someone who has seen this infection and is treating you -- for patient specific advice. This infection is being treated and managed appropriately, so I cannot imagine that you will not get better.  There could be several different reasons to have a mass in your scrotum. Some of the more common reasons could be an i or a . I am not sure what type of cyst that you had removed four years ago, but it is time for you to see your urologist again to have this new lump properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  I can't see it, as you know, nor can I take a more detailed medical history or examine you to narrow down the possibilities. This can be a bite (spider?) or you may have secondary infection...just a blind guess. Without a hands-on examination, you cannot be properly diagnosed or treated, so I suggest that you seek a medical evaluation today.  Unfortunately, I do not have enough information to address your question (Example: I have no idea of the location of the previous MRSA infection, the age of your child, etc.). I can tell you that there are dozens and dozens of reasons for lymph nodes to react (enlarge), so it is really up to his/her pediatrician to determine the cause and significance of the nodes. Most lymph nodes are innocent, but I do not have sufficient medical information about your child, nor the ability to examine him (her?) to make that important call.  You are asking for very, patient-specific advice. Since I do not know the medical details of your case, it would be impossible to blindly give you the okay to go swimming...go to school/work...or even make a determination if you are contagious. I don't know the location or extent of your cellulitis, the type of bacteria that was cultured, or even the name and dosage of your antibiotic. The only person that can give you this "okay" would be the medical provider who is treating you. I am sorry.  Those are signs of a continuing or recurrent yeast infection, so you may need that Difucan again. I am surprised that the cream was not helpful, so perhaps your medical provider can suggest a different topical or vaginal medication for you to use.  I addressed your question on the Ear, Nose, and Throat Community. Unfortunately, I have no way to confirm if your roommate has a mole or an abscess inside her ear, but a mole does not suddenly occur within hours of a scratch; a skin abscess can form. The fact that this skin lesion is constantly draining is the real concern. It needs to be properly diagnosed and treated. Since I can't examine your roommate, I cannot determine the true nature of this draining lesion. Sorry. Her sinuses do not drain in her ears, but they can drain down the back of her throat. There is an opening of the Eustachian tubes in her throat, but this fluid will not drain UP into the ear. The ear has the potential of creating its own fluid that can become stagnant.  Prednisone has plenty of side-effects, but it can be very beneficial when properly used. It does not cause fibromyalgia, however. As a matter of fact, no one really knows what causes fibromyalgia.  His pediatrician or pediatric urologist will need to examine him. It is not possible to offer you a definitive answer based solely on your description. Yes, it could be an inguinal hernia or a hydrocele. A torsion (twisting) is also possible, but these are very painful and quite serious....I suspect he would be in obvious pain if this is happening, but torsions can occur and quickly "de-torse" in some children. Either way, an examine will be required to make that important determination. If he is in pain due to this swelling or if the swelling is becoming larger, an emergency room visit is warranted and an scrotal ultrasound is usually ordered to help make the diagnosis.  No "obvious" drainage. The amount of fluid in a Bartholin cyst varies, and a small leak may not have been obvious. A 'burst" cyst would have been. Sometimes, the cystic fluid is simply reabsorbed by the body so there is no drainage. If you are having reoccurring Bartholin gland cysts, perhaps it is time to have a more definitive surgery to prevent this from happening.  There is no "cure" for severe sunburn. Severe sunburn is caused by people who do not use an effective sunscreen, expose themselves to the bright son, and stay out too long. This is really all your fault, you know.... Cold compresses. Ibuprofen. And, a bit of self-reflection to realize that this could have been prevented.  I cannot answer your question without a direct, hands-on examination -- obviously, not possible over the Internet. I strongly suggest two things: See your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated, and two: You are at risk for CAUSING an infection by doing this.  You are correct. Bactrim DS is an antibiotic that will not be helpful in the management of gout. Unless the medical provider felt that there was a possibility of an underlying infection (Bactrim is often used for Staph infections), there would be no use if just treating gout.  You can't diagnose an illness based on vague symptoms alone, but your symptoms are troubling. Brownish or yellow eyes could mean jaundice (hepatitis) or other liver problems. Throwing up blood can be a very serious sign. It would be in your best interest to see a medical provider as soon as possible.  Then, get an opinion from a MEDICAL DOCTOR, such as an orthopedist. All you have now is your chiropractor's opinion -- someone who is getting some financial benefits from keeping you under care for a long period of time. If you have osteoarthritis, chiropractic is NOT going to cure you. So, see an orthopedist. Have an MRI of your neck,  There are four step required for your answer: 1. You must first have a medical history. I do not know anything about you or even the reason you were hospitalized. 2. You must have a medical examination of your swollen feet - there can be many different causes 3. You need a diagnosis and a treatment plan. 4. Finally, if all of these steps are done, you may get that "cure" you are seeking. Unfortunately, you are asking for something that cannot be provided over the Internet, so you will need to consult your medical provider.  Plantar (means "bottom of the foot") warts may require more than on treatment using liquid nitrogen, but this method can still fail. There are other prescription chemical treatments that your doctor may suggest if your wart has not resolved, but there is nothing (other than salicylic acid) that is effective over-the-counter.  Any medical provider should be able to help. You most likely have an infection, but a concern would be a retained foreign body (a tiny wood sliver), so make sure the health care professional considers this possibility.  Whooping cough (pertussis) can be laboratory proven by an lab test....and so can Strep. It is possible to develop both since they are two different organisms. I trust that you are under the care of a good medical provider who has properly tested you, examined you, and have you under appropriate treatment. These are not things you should self-diagnose or treat at home.  Only if your TMJ and knee pain is BOTH caused by a type of arthritis, otherwise, most clinicians would consider them to be separate problems.  Yes. You may have a corneal abrasion.  If your brother was specifically prescribed a diuretic by one of his physicians who are treating his lung cancer, then yes....he should take it. Each person on chemotherapy is unique....often taking different types and dosages of chemotherapeutic agents, and not every person would need a diuretic. Your brother appears that he does. I wish your brother and family the very best on his treatment.  Oops. I missed the "lid part" If the dog did not actually scratch your eyeball, then a corneal abrasion is less likely. If the dog only scratched your skin, clean it very throughly and apply a topical antibiotic ointment or cream. If it appears to be getting infected in spite of these home treatment efforts, then you can see your medical provider.  It may not have ever been a spider bite....One consideration would be a herpetic whitlow -- a fever blister/cold sore of sorts that occur on the finger. It will come back over and over, itch at first, and will definitely get red or even have a tiny blister. Like most herpetic infections, the body keeps it "suppressed" most of the time, unless of course, you are going through an illness or stress! Look this up on the Internet and see if it fits. As you may know, I cannot make a blind diagnosis over the Internet, but your story seems to point in this direction.  There is no direct connection between a fractured clavicle (collar bone) and swollen feet, assuming you did not sustain an injury to your ankles or feet at the same time as the clavicle incident. It would be best to consult your medical provider -- someone who knows you and your medical history -- and, someone who has the ability to examine you, to address our swollen feet.  See an ophthalmologist (eye physician) for a second opinion. A droopy eyelid may be ptosis, a problem with the nerve leading to this eye lid. There can be other reason.  I don't know the whole story here, but mono (mononucleosis) is a viral infection, so yes, you could have mono or another viral infection. I don't know what tests have been run on you, but an EBV panel is consider the most sensitive test for mono.  Yes, these little are normal and they can even leak a drop of breast milk! You and your child shared a blood supply and your blood had high levels of a hormone that prepared you for breast-feeding. Those same hormones are in your daughter's blood supply right now, but it will soon dissipate. Then, you will not see those breasts again until she make her own hormones.  A bulging eardrum can cause vertigo due to the pressure. This usually means a middle ear infection, but cephalexin would not be my drug of choice to treat this in an adult, although I don't know your dosage or medication history. The medicine probably is not your culprit, but rather your ear disorder. Vertigo is also common in INNER EAR infections, and these are often viral. Viral infections do not respond to any antibiotic therapy. Since I have no way of knowing your diagnosis or severity of symptoms, you will need to consult your medical provider if you are not getting better.  Unless a dentist removed your wisdom teeth, you can still have them, but there can be other reasons to account for your symptoms...such as an abscess or infection, or a reactive lymph node. Please see your medical provider or dentist so that you can be properly examined and diagnosed.  No...give them your right arm to take the blood pressure reading.  Ice compresses and ibuprofen (assuming you can medically use this type of medication). Wear open-toed shoes for a while. Elevate your leg/foot. You may want to consider "buddy taping" your injured toe to an adjacent uninjured toe to give it more support.  Persistent knee pain lasting over a month from a jogging injury, where there was a loud "pop" could be many things, but a full or partial tear of one of the ligaments, tendons, or menesci would be high on the list, as well as cartilege tears. It would be in your fiance's best interest to see a good orthopedist (he should have done this weeks ago). He may need some imaging studies, like an MRI, of that painful knee.  Scarlet fever is caused by Strep. It would not be likely that this person would still be contagious months later, unless of course, they are a Strep carrier. People can get exposed to Strep quite easily by other people or from objects that area contaminated by Strep. The only way you will know for sure if you have Strep is to be tested.  Yes, it's safe to soak your feet in Epsom salts, but I am not sure this will really help your swollen feet. Please talk to your OB-GYN about this issue, since swollen feet during pregnancy is something that may need to be addressed medically. Make sure you are elevating your feet as much as you can (good excuse for taking it easy this last month....you are going get quite busy soon!), and closely watch your salt intake. Some special compression socks may be helpful.  Tonsils that have an abscess can certainly "burst". Severely enlarged tonsils from mono may seem deflated, once they retreat back to their pre-mono size. I have no way of seeing your tonsils, as you know, so I cannot blindly determine if what you are seeing is normal or not. You would need to see your medical provider for an examination.  No, a pimple will not likely show up on an MRI. I am sure the MRI was ordered to look for other possible causes for the swollen face....not just the pimple.  It is NOT normal to continue to have ear pain five months after tube (grommet) insertion, so I would suggest that you try and get a "second opinion" from another ENT....since two ENT heads are better than one. The area behind the ear is the mastoid sinus, but post-auricular lymph nodes can also be painful. Obviously, ruling out mastoiditis -- a complication of chronic middle ear infections -- would be very important. The leakage (otorrhea) is likely the drainage of fluid (through the grommets) from the middle ear space.  The most common side effect of this treatment is what you are experiencing, namely burning and irritation. Assuming you have used this agent properly, the cure rate is higher than some other methods. The chemical, podophyllotoxin, causes necrosis and destruction of the condyloma and a bit of the surrounding healthy tissue. This can appear burned, white, or even black. This is expected. Soon, this damaged tissue will heal and you should be returning to normal, but you will need to be carefully examined again, since some of the smaller condyloma may have escaped destruction and will also need carefully treated.  Get a paper tablet and write one thousand times: "I will not mess with a pimple in my ear every again." Then, call your medical provider, explain the situation. You will either be prescribed an oral antibiotic over the phone for the infection you most likely caused, or you will need to be examined first-hand...and, then prescribed an antibiotic.  It is not possible to make a "blind" diagnosis of a dermatological problem. I would need to examine your son, which obviously, I cannot. Impetigo is a Staph (Strep) infection. MRSA is a specific type of Staph infection. Both can cause those symptoms, and both would require a wound culture to make the diagnostic distinction. If he is worried about MRSA, the culture is essential. Bactrim and Bactroban would treat Staph infection, but Strep (one cause of impetigo) would not be improved by Bactrim. Send him to Student Health or an Urgent Care facility so he can be examined, tested, and treated.  It could be both. Yeast infections in the vagina tend to itch; urinary infections tend to be painful with urination only and can be accompanied by the urge to urinate even after you have urinated. See your medical provider for a urinalysis to see if you do, indeed, have an infection needing to be treated. A vaginal yeast infection can usually be treated over the counter with anti-yeast vaginal medications.  There can be many reasons for perianal itching, including a lack of personal hygiene,chemical irritation (soaps, detergents, dryer sheets), hemorrhoids, fissures (tiny cracks around the anus), and......pinworms. Pinworms are notorious from causing itchy butts, usually at night.  Any patient-specific treatment instructions should be done by the medical provider who is caring for you, but if you do not need the pain relief from Vicodin now, you can switch to ibuprofen at any time if your doctor is okay with it. The Vicodin will not be bio-effective after six hours or so, so anytime after that.  Why don't you give your swollen penis a day off? Save the Viagra to use when your penis is no longer swollen.  Will sunburned legs hurt the baby? No. What can you do? How about using some sunscreen next time so you will not have to deal with unnecessary pain. Right now, you can just use cool/cold compresses. The temporary pain you are experiencing is to remind you not to let this happen ever again! When you have your baby, you will need to carefully protect him or her from the burning rays of the sun, too.  The big concern would be a secondary infection. You can call the medical provider that surgically removed your nail, or see another medical provider. If the ER is your only option, this would be an acceptable next step.  Get the finger in ice water. If the accumulation of blood is under the nail (subungual hematoma), then it may need to be drained. A hole is bored through the nail (not as bad as it sounds) to allow the blood to be released. The pressure of the accumulated blood is painful, so this procedure relieves a lot of pain. If the blood accumulation is in the soft tissue of the finger, it cannot be drained...it will need to be slowly reabsorbed by the body. If you think the injury could of resulted in a fracture, only an x-ray could confirm this.  My son is biracial and his dr said that its just his tyroid gland that its ok that they are swollen,just as long as there is no pain.He said that alot of boys get it.  You suffered a broken toe that quite possibly did not heal as it should have or either it is not fully healed. When it first happened, did you see a doctor or have an x-ray done? I broke my big toe 6 weeks ago and I still can't bend it either. You have all the signs of a broken toe, maybe it needs more time to heal. I'm not a doctor but from experiencing the same thing, I think you need to have a doctor look at the toe so an x-ray can be done.  You need work if you eye get better on it own. If not you need make dotor trip  I strongly recommend returning to both the eye doctor and a dermatologist. While it isn't common, blindness can be caused if the shingles virus infects the eye. If the blisters are anywhere near his eye, this can be a concern. It is also possible that the anti-viral they have him on simply isn't effective for him. I was prescribed two different anti-virals to treat my shingles outbreak last fall because the first wasn't giving the results we wanted, probably due to an incompatibility with my own body chemistry(that's what the dermatologist told me).  Sounds like cellulitis. See your doctor immediately.  Not necessarily. Be calm and assess the damage first. Is the nail damaged at all. Is there bleeding? It is doubtful the injury is severe enough to warrant an ER visit. It probably hurt like the dickens and scared you to death but it would be hard to sustain a serious injury this way. Elevated your foot with an ice pack and call your family doctor in the morning.  This would definitely be a good reason to contact your surgeons office immediately. It may be a post op comlication but let your doctor decide that. Please review your post op home instructions. There should be a number for you to call.  Well I went about 6 weeks ago and he said it'll go down. If it ain't went down yet, I can't see it going down at all. I tried wearing a jock strap to keep it pointed upwards, that helped a little but as soon as I took it off, the swelling came right back.  Not enough information. Age might help  Apparently, Dr. Oz just did a piece about "The Triangle of Death"--that area from between your eyes to just below the corners of your mouth. Most people will have their hands in and around there doing something, either consciously or sub-consciously at least once a day. Pulling nose hair and popping zits on the nose and near the lips can easily lead to infection, including infections that can spread to the brain. I'm not suggesting you did any of those things, but swelling is a common sign of infection.  Unfortunately, I have to agree with the other person here. I don't think it's acne. Doesn't sound like acne. It also doesn't sound like an in-grown hair either. Sorry, sister, but I think you might have an STD. You're going to want to go get a real medical opinion on it. Don't google it because the pictures will gross you out. Go to your doctor. That's the best advice.  There are many possibilities, such as an aphthous ulcer or canker sore, an abscess, or an erupting tooth. If your child is in any pain, I would recommend a trip to the pediatric dentist for an evaluation.  I have tried heat and medications for the fibro flare ups but I don't know  Ticks can carry Lyme disease which can cause major medical problems. I would take him/her in for testing.  You should still have her seen by a doctor. Especially if you do not know what type of tick it is. Do you know if it left a bull eye mark? They can treat with antibiotic as a preventative if caught soon enough. I would call your Dr.  Even with out a fever you can still be sick. You could have a virus that is going around. But with sore throat and swollen glands could possibly be strep throat, which can in some cases make you have nausea. You do not always run a fever with strep throat. I am not a doctor, but it does not hurt to go to the DR. The worst thing they can say is it is a virus and it has to take it's course.  frequently i have an issue with feeling the sensation to pee but no urine. i find that drinking lots of water usually fixes that  see doctor about it being genital herpes  perhaps pressure may be on her nerves.  I would make an appointment with your doctor, you may have stepped on a tiny splinter or something small that you don't even realize it, or it could mean that your shoes are too small for your feet. You have Diabetes, so you really need to be cautious about your feet. I have seen too many amputations because diabetics just let their feet go after something simple as an irritated toe.  You may be experiencing a pinch nerve, try to change into loose fitting clothes, and take some anti-inflammatories in you can, and if it still is bothering you after a few days, make an appointment with your doctor.  Depends on the grade of tear. I had a grade 2 MCL tear and it took about 1-2 month till I could do daily things without a limp or limitations. Took 6-7 months until it was strong enough to resume sports or work outs. Now mind you I wasn't going to a doctor, getting surgery or getting physical therapy so it took longer for me than somebody else quite possibly.  Hi, there is no way we can tell you via the internet whether this treatment was appropriate or not as all injuries and people are different. Here is some information on that may be helpful. If you feel like your son's treatment was not taken care of properly, you may want to have another doctor examine him in person for a second opinion. The WebMD Answers Staff  Edema symptoms depend on the amount of edema and the body part affected. Edema in a small area from an infection or inflammation (such as a mosquito bite) may cause no symptoms at all. On the other hand, a large local allergic reaction (such as from a bee sting) may cause edema affecting the entire arm. Here, tense skin, pain, and limited movement can be symptoms of edema. Food allergies may cause tongue or throat edema, which can be life-threatening if it interferes with breathing. Leg edema for any reason can cause the legs to feel heavy and interfere with walking. In edema and heart disease, for example, the legs may easily weigh an extra 5 or 10 pounds each. Severe leg edema can interfere with blood flow, leading to ulcers on the skin. Pulmonary edema causes shortness of breath, which can be accompanied by low oxygen levels in the blood. Some people with pulmonary edema may experience a cough with frothy sputum.  Normally you shouldn't be able to feel your lymph nodes. They measure only about a half-inch across. When you get sick they can swell -- sometimes to two to three times their usual size -- to the point where you can distinctly feel them. Other symptoms of swollen glands include: * Tenderness or pain when you press on them. * Symptoms of the underlying infection (fever, sore throat, mouth sore). * Red, warm, swollen skin over the lymph node. * Lump. Swollen lymph nodes that are softer, tender, and move easily are usually a sign of infection or inflammation. A hard lymph node that does not move and does not cause pain needs further evaluation by your doctor.  The most common causes of swollen glands include: Bacterial infection, such as strep throat. Mouth sores or tooth infection. Viral infection, such as mononucleosis or "mono." Skin infection. Ear infection. Sexually transmitted disease. Cancers such as leukemia, Hodgkin's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and breast cancer. Immune system disorders, such as lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, and HIV infection. Side effect from a vaccine or from certain medications.  Once the underlying illness has been treated, the glands should go back to their normal size. How swollen glands are treated depends on what's causing them. To relieve the discomfort of swollen glands and the illnesses that cause them, the following home care methods may help: Over-the-counter pain relievers, such as acetaminophen (Tylenol) or a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) like ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin), or naproxen (Aleve). Never give aspirin to a child because of the risk for Reye's syndrome. Apply a warm, wet washcloth to the area. Get enough rest so that your body can recover from the illness. Call your doctor if your swollen glands are accompanied by: High fever (over 104F). Difficulty breathing. Difficulty swallowing. Night sweats. Weight loss. Skin overlying the swollen lymph node is red. Also, call your doctor if the swollen lymph node's size becomes larger than 1 inch, the lymph node is very tender or hard, or doesn't go away after a month.  Pressure from the growing uterus on the blood vessels carrying blood from the lower body causes fluid retention that results in swelling (edema) in the legs and feet. Recommendations: Try not to stay on your feet for long periods of time. Avoid standing in one place. Drink plenty of fluids (at least six to eight glasses of fluids a day). Avoid foods high in salt (sodium). Elevate your legs and feet while sitting. Avoid crossing your legs. Wear loose, comfortable clothing; tight clothing can slow circulation and increase fluid retention. Don't wear tight shoes; choose supportive shoes with low, wide heels. Keep your diet rich in protein; too little protein can cause fluid retention. Notify your health care provider if your hands or face swell. This may be a warning sign of preeclampsia. Rest on your side during the day to help increase blood flow to your kidneys.  Edema is the medical term for swelling. It is a general response of the body to injury or inflammation. Edema can be isolated to a small area or affect the entire body. Medications, infections, pregnancy, and many medical problems can cause edema. Edema results whenever small blood vessels become "leaky" and release fluid into nearby tissues. The extra fluid accumulates, causing the tissue to swell.  It sounds like you may have chronic sinusitis. You can actually have the swelling without a runny nose. Have you been exposed to scents you normally weren't before? You may want to concider going to you doctor. My mother in law has this every year at least once or twice. Sometimes it lasts a month and sometimes it lasts several. Most of the time hers is allergy related, and usually seasonal. Even if it turns out to be allergies it never hurts to get tests to rule out other possibilities. http://www.aaaai.org/conditions-and-treatments/library/At-a-glance/sinusitis.aspx This is a good site that offers an in depth explaination and you can compare, and prepare questions for your doctor.  possibly  maybe  An infection could have taken place and the body has protected itself by isolated ii to that area.  This could have been from spider bite and really to be seen by the ER and worry about costs later. A possible leg/life saving measure.  It is probably not cancer. It might be a blockage of the salivary duct of the parotid (salivary) gland in your cheek. Please don't delay. Go see your dentist as soon as you can.  You must call your dentist! I deliver new crowns every day, and there should be no pain after the cementation. At most, a very mild soreness after the cement is removed. By the next day, all should be back to normal. Having severe gum pain after delivery of a crown is not normal. Please call your dentist.  It sounds like water retention. If you cut back on your sodium intake and make sure you are drinking one ounce of water per pound of body weight, it will relieve your symptoms. Drinking water seems counter-intuitive but it will help flush the fluid from your system. Good luck!  yes, there is tingling in my, finger tips and when I go to bed at night in morning it wake me up hurting bad .  If you recently had a cold/cough, it could be that you separated the muscles. Of course, it could be something more serious so you should have it checked out. I went to the hospital thinking I had something wrong internally, but it was just my muscles.  love VASHIKARAN BLACK MAGIC SPECIALIST BABAJI+919982487292  You probably had it on to tight. You need to take it off, elevate and if you're to worried call your doctor. Good luck!  What you're describing is called "pitting edema," a swelling which, when pressed, doesn't bounce back but stays indented. Pitting refers to the indentation that won't easily go away, edema to the swelling you're experiencing. If you haven't had a recent trauma to the area that would account for the swelling, I would recommend that you see a physician.  Good news! The second day my period was much more normal and I (as far as I know) am not pregnant. My boobs are still quite swollen so I am just going to enjoy that for now.  It sounds like it. You should go to the ER  If you are on any medications, you should talk to your doctor immediately. You may be having an allergic reaction.  My husband also has this. I would get back to the doctor. He ended up with a blood clot that went to his lung. Not saying this is happening to you, but worth checking out. We are 4 weeks post-op and have lots of complications. If you are uncomfortable, then it is worth checking out.  I have also had this problem and i am allergic to latex. I would strongly suggest using non latex condoms from now on. If it still continues to hurt to the point you dont want to urinate i would go to a gynecologist. Or the health department if you dont want your parents to find out.  I would go to the hospital immediately. You probably had an allergic reaction.  Sounds like a bacterial infection. Get an antibiotical ointment or cream for the penis. Give it five day to a week to heal. Also, don't wash the penis with soap. I know that you wish to teach him cleanliness, but there is a possibility that soap could be caught between the penis and the foreskin, causing bacteria to build up. Warm water on a cloth is good penis health. Keep a relationship with your pediatric doctor just in case the ointment or cream does not help.  Update: The cut is healing over with a scab but there is still redness and puffiness around the cut.  Some doctors won't take your tonsils out as an adult, but some will. Most adults that had their tonsils removed (as an adult) were glad they did it. It is definitely harder as you get older as kids are more resilient. I would discuss with your doctor how your health issues factor into the surgery. Consult an ent. Good luck!  Thanks for your reply.  Are you sore? Paralyzed? Have you seen a doctor?  Please take your child to the ER and get the Dr. there to refer you to an oncologist. This could be an indicator of cancer or it might be nothing more than a swollen lymph gland, but you don't want to take chances with your child, I know. Good luck.  i have one leg which is swollen. i had an ultrasound to see if i have a bllod clog. i have none  songmp3mp4.com songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-galliyan-full-audio-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/fifa-world-cup-2014-theme-song-mp3-dare.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/galiyan-full-hd-video-song-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/eminem-feat-nate-ruess-headlights-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-hindi-movie-2014-mp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/humshakals-piya-ke-bazaar-mein-full-hd.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-movie-mp3-full-song-free.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/piya-ke-bazaar-mein-mp3-songs-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/humpty-sharma-ki-dulhania-full-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/yeh-fugly-fugly-kya-hai-song-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/fugly-hindi-movie-full-title-song-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/phacebook-pyaar-full-mp3-song-kuku.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/rajinikanth-kochadaiyaan-2014-mp3-and.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/bobby-jasoos-hindi-mp3-movie-songs-full.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/kick-movie-song-full-mp3-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/heropanti-movie-full-mp3-songs-free.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/blame-night-mp3-song-download-holiday.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/pizza-2014-hindi-movie-full-mp3-songs.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/romeo-juliet-2014-bengali-movie-full.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/mon-chuye-dekho-full-hd-video-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ill-be-waiting-kabhi-jo-baadal-video.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/caller-tune-full-mp3-song-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/dama-dam-mast-kalandar-mp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/download-ragini-mms-2-chaar-botle-vodka.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/download-ragini-mms-2-movie-full-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/disco-singh-punjabi-movie-songs-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/yaariyan-full-mp3-movie-songs-2014-free.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/baby-doll-remix-hd-videomp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/dama-dam-mast-kalandar-mp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/queen-hindi-songs-mp3-movie-video-songs.html song mp3 mp4 onlyandroidapk.com HotSongsPk.com Where Can I Free Download? HotSongsPk.com hotsongspk.com/2014/05/eminem-headlights-ft-nate-ruess-mp3-and.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/kick-movie-song-full-mp3-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/bobby-jasoos-hindi-mp3-movie-songs-full.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/rajinikanth-kochadaiyaan-2014-mp3-and.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/phacebook-pyaar-full-mp3-song-kuku.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/fugly-hindi-movie-full-title-song-mp3.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/yeh-fugly-fugly-kya-hai-song-mp3.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/humpty-sharma-ki-dulhania-full-mp3.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/piya-ke-bazaar-mein-mp3-songs-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/humshakals-piya-ke-bazaar-mein-full-hd.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/galliyan-full-hd-video-song-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/galliyan-mp3-song-download-galliyan.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/fifa-world-cup-2014-theme-song-mp3-dare.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/ek-villain-galliyan-full-audio-song.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/lekar-hum-deewana-dil-hindi-full-movie.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/caller-tune-full-mp3-song-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/mon-chuye-dekho-full-hd-video-song.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/romeo-juliet-2014-bengali-movie-full.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/pizza-2014-hindi-movie-full-mp3-songs.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/blame-night-mp3-song-download-holiday.html onlyandroidapk.com http://onlyandroidapk.com/fifa-14-full-unlocked-apkdata/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/godzilla-smash3-mod-apk/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/dream-league-soccer-1-57-mod-apkdata-unlimited-gold-coins-download/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/fifa-14-full-unlocked-apk/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/how-to-install-android-games-from-pc-to-your-phone/  the hache with the light and stuff sounds like a migraine but the swollen lip either could be a bite, an absess, or their allergic to something they ate, so back track and try to remember exactly what they ate they sound like it may be an allergy.  I would a see a doctor asap.  I know this must be really scary. The tact I usually take in these situations is that I try not to let my imagination run wild and not think the worst. I am so glad that he is going to the doctor. I did see this article on Crohn's Disease. Thought it might be helpful if he had more of these sorts of symptoms: http://www.webmd.com/ibd-crohns-disease/crohns-disease/tc/crohns-disease-symptoms I wish you all the best.  Sounds like you are allergic. Take benadril right away. If swelling continues or your throat starts closing, go to ER right away! Some soiders can cause deadly bites. Did you keep the spider?  i have sorness to the touch on my right side about 2" below the armpit. I do not feel any lumps. The tenderness comes and goes. when I touch the area it feels like it is along the upper part of my rib cage.  swelling in the body is edema  See a specialist, specifically a gastroenterologist. Its important not to let it wait too long.  As one of member previously said, light to throat and find any white or block dots. if it is severe, consult the doctor.  you could possibly have a deep vein thrombosis blocking blood flow to your lower legs, in other words it could be a blood clot, you should get to the doctor and have him do a doppler asap  when any infection is present in you body your immune system kicks in you may not even know that the infection was there in the first place and sometimes your lymph nodes can remain swollen indefinitely. if you have been to your doctor and all the tests came back clear i would not worry if they start to increase in size then i would return to the doctor. if there was any underlying problems they would have surfaced before now.  no, when you have any vaccination your body's immune system fights the vaccine this is how our body becomes immune, the reddness and soreness is just your body's defences. this discomfort should only last for 3 to 4 days. If however you start to notice a high temperature then i suggest you contact your doctor.  cat scratches can be serious, keep the wound clean and be aware that there may be an infection there, if you start to feel ill (cold like symptoms) i would contact the doctor.  i have already given an answer but feel i must advice you to seek medical attention if your leg is leaking fluid there is an infection. if left too long the infection can travel to other parts of your body so please go to the hospital.  Anytime I have swelling I alternate Ice and Heat if possible. I also take naproxen which over the counter is aleve. Take two aleve, Ice it for 15 mins then heat of 15. Another option is to ice it then put on ice hot or sportrub. It will help relax the muscles causing the swelling as well.  You'll need to go to the doctor. With abnormal discharge, you could have an infection. I recommend seeing a Dr. since symptoms can be very similar between numerous types of vaginal infections. It could be something as simple as a yeast infection. Or, it could be a symptom of a STD or other more severe problem. Automatically treating for a yeast infection can increase discomfort and hinder proper treatment options of some other infections. It's best to have a swab test done to find out EXACTLY what infection you might have, and get exactly the treatment you need..  do you have a history of neck problems? Do you have any history of heart problems or high blood pressure or cholesterol? Compare your symptoms with cervical neuropathy and for cardiac arrest. I think it has more to do with your neck, but you didn't give much info, and I want to make sure you check cardiac issues...just in case.  Only YOUR body can cause an allergic reaction. Your body is reacting to something it views as a threat or invader. A bite can't cause an allergy, but it can cause your body to have a reaction. The prior bite is probably unrelated to your symptoms. Especially since it happened 3 months ago and you're still having issues. Keep in mind that you can develop an allergy at any point. Example: Perhaps you drink Orange Juice every day...3 times a day. You can even develope an allergy in the same day. Imagine drinking the first and second glass of OJ and be just fine. Then you could drink the third glass, and have a reaction. Because of your eye symptoms, it makes me think it's more likely you're allergic to something in the air. I'm sure you've heard of hayfever. However, latex allergies can be very dangerous. Let's say you have a SEVERE reaction, and need to go to the Emergency Room. Guess what? The Dr's. and nurses will be touching you with latex gloves! (which would make it worse!) You need to be tested to find out your allergen. (What it is that's causing your body"s reaction.) You can have your doctor test you, or even use one of the home allergy tests they have on the market now.  CONSTANT eye drainage should always be checked. If you have possibly damaged your cornea it could be leaking out slowly. It is very important to have it checked by your eye doctor. In some cases it is just allergies to something in the air. It can also be a problem with the tear ducts. But if it contiues with no let up, DO see a doctor.  You could also have something called Cellulitus which left untreated can be fatal, it is a form of staph and requires some atibiotics . if there is redness swelling and it feels like the skin has a fever then you should go see a doctor.  It is possible that you have a fracture or break.  I would not take anything other than Tylenol without approval from your doctor. Generally that is all you are allowed to take for pain but it will not reduce swelling. I would suggest elevating your ankle above your heart and using ice. On for 10min off for 30. Just remember to wrap a towel around the ice pack so damage to your nerves and vessels does not occur from the cold. Bad news is, around that stage in pregnancy, you will most likely be experiencing ankle swelling anyway which could complicate the ankle pain a bit. Hang in there.  Frequent drinking of hot beverages that contain caffeine like coffee and any kind of hot tea.  No  Yes, I would go to the ER if the pain is worse. Do you have any other symptoms? When did the pain start?  Radiating heat around the sting sights as well as reddening and swelling is normal for the amount of stings, and being from a wasp. As a fact you can have the same problems with just one sting. However you are doing the right things medically as you can. May take 3 days to a week for the heat and swelling to subside.  I would not exercise right away. And if you have not had an x-ray of it to make sure there is no fracture. Keep it elevated until the swelling goes down. It may take weeks for the bruises to go away. If you exercise on it now. The swelling may get worse. Suggest you get an x-ray of it to be sure there is no fracture first.  Usually just a lubrication like liquid dish soap will do the job. No water. Just a dish soap like Dawn or Joy. Apply it above and below to get it under the ring. And start moving the ring up and down the finger turning it as you do it. And it should slide off.  can some one help me'  With a muscle spasm if bad enough you can have bruising and some swelling but to me it sounds like when the muscle spasmed it may have ripped or torn a muscle or tended maybe even closed something off like a blood vessel or artery but you are doing the right thing by making and going to the doctor and specialist it my take some time but I'm sure everything well work out great I really hope this helps thank you and good luck to you and yours!!!!!!!!!!!!!;-)  Have you been to the dentist? It could be an abscessed tooth in your upper jaw.  As a layperson but with experience I highly recommend avoiding hormones as they can lead to cancer and estrogen based cancer has occurred in people I know. Depending on your age and reason please defer to your doctors as it is very serious.  i have two compressed fractures confirmed from MRI and Neruosrgeion/spine I can after weeks short walk and mostly bed rest use a cane. I highly recommend you ask your doctor and your body will tell you major pain at least for me.  you must see a doctor immediately or er or urgent care center. I speak from experience but I am a layperson.  nerve damage to your hand  I have this problem also, all the time for years now and take Furosemide and Hydrochlorothiazide for this but I am also having to really lower my intake of sodium and get a lot more exercise. Too much salt and not getting enough exercise WILL cause swelling and numbness and tingly sensation in feet, ankles, legs, face, hands, and fingers. Also, a pinched nerve in the neck and/or lower back will cause this as well. I cannot sleep on my back without waking up with my face, eyes, hands and fingers swollen, numb, and tingling and this is because I have had 3 herniated disks in my neck and even with epidural shots in the disks to take the swelling off the nerves, the pressure of sleeping on my back causes the disks to press against the nerves which will cause all the swelling and numbness. The major thing though is the salt intake amount and lack of exercise. When I cut out the salt and move around more by cleaning house, gardening, mowing the lawn, get on my exercise bike and work at the restaurant and try not to stay on my back at night when sleeping, the swelling and fluid retention is reduced tremendously. Also, drinking at least 10 16 ounce glasses of water everyday is a big help towards this. My prescription water pills (which are also BP meds) plus all that drinking of water everyday usually will knock out all that swelling and numbness. I hope this helps you because I know how uncomfortable and miserable all this swelling makes you feel.  This is more common than you think and not serious. Avoid tight clothing such as jeans and apply warm compresses and it should clear up in a few days  yes I would say its probably infected  Yes, It could be a recurrence of the same problem.  Wear your brace  Internist, sounds like a infections,  Could be caused by bacteria infection in the intestinal track. Id take him to see a doctor asap.  it could be from your socks or shoes try getting diabetic socks or shoes or just the regular shoes that are wide with i mean i am not a doctor but i have heard if other people doing that  It sounds similar to some sensations I get from Fibromylagia.If the sensation is like a burn and it makes it hard to move your muscles sometimes I would do some research on other fibromylagia symptoms and see if it matches up. Good luck!  Most of the time, people do not react to bedbug bites. Because, of this alot of people who have them don't even know it. My wife and I had to deal with an infestation. My wife reacted to the bites, which caused intense itchyness but not much else. I however did not react or feel anything. You can a trap to see if you have an infestation and if you catch one, you'll know. I hope this helps, and good luck!!  could be a local infection. you may want to see a doctor.  I had the same problem with my thumb and 2 fingers next to it. It was caused by a blood clot. they dissolved the clot and the two fingers cleared up rapidly but the thumb hasn't cleared up yet. I will have to go back to be checked for another clot or possibly gangerine.  Rod, when I was a preteen boy, we rather than be caught riding a girls bike...and the crossbar was perfect for giving girl or a friend a ride home from school. It's a shame present day kids are growing up in such overprotective, little fun but "safe" times. Little wonder the kids are growing up as couch potatoes. And don't get me started on the removal of diving boards from swimming pools. Poor kids!  it sounds like an infection, try alcohol and cleaning it... soak it in warm water with salt. also take an alergy pill just in case, if you have them... worstcase senario you might have an alergy to whatever scratched you. but i general is just sounds like an infection.  Here is some more info about myself. I was in a long term safe sex relationship in college. After that I had protected sex with two Asian girls at a spa. I don't think the condom broke but I'm not 100 percent positive. I haven't had any kind of sexual intercourse in over one year. About 3 or 4 weeks ago I did get a table shower at an Asian spa. No intercourse of any kind but she did scrub my erect penis quite hard with a spongy thing during the table shower. I also have red spots on the left side of my public region near where my waistband rests. They do not really seem to be raised and they are not puss filled. The spots only seem to annoy me when my waist band rubs them. I never noticed and bumps or anything on my penis or scrotum before. I have noticed different kinds of bumps and rashes in my pubic area where my waistbelt sits in the past. Could this all be related to the possible fungal infection or do I have an std?  NO! You have a different problem going.  From my daughter's experiences, possible nerve impingemen in prone position  It can, possibly... But only from killing any bacteria that has grown in or around the area.  most likely you should just have them removed tonsils can cause a lot of pain when inflamed. you are also more likely to get tonsilitis and other infections because of them. i had to have mine removed because they were the size of golf balls and i missed a yr of school bc of it so my advice see a doc and let him decide!!! but stay away from chips they will and can get caught in your tonsils if they are swollen enough js from experience!  YES GO BACK IMMEDIATELY!!!! i had it after a c section and it can spread to other parts of your body that are compromised. the doc will give you more meds take them all and watch for signs of it happening again now that you know what to look for! thats my advice coming from my own experience.  If it grows rapidly in size and is extremely hard and painful, it could be MRSA or Staph infection. However, if it is staying the same size, it may just be an ingrown hair. Ingrown hairs can get infected and become staph, so make sure you clean it and not mess with it.  I may turn the salt shaker one time only once in a while but mostly I do not use salt, the only salt I keep is sea salt. Good sea salt that dissolves instantly. We use too much salt,  A friend of mine had these symptoms, and was diagnosed with diabetes & low blood pressure.  I have had a lot of fire ant bites when I lived in FL. Some discomfort. My wife on the other hand had problems. She would get mild swelling and depending on bite,a red line would show up and and would spread towards Thyroid Glands to expel. I found once bitten put nail polish on it, let dry, then peel it off.It pulls everything out. Benedryl helped her too. But this is what we did. You are the one to make any decision following your Health.  Had this huge thing inside the inner lip for the last month. I thought it was a blood blister, but my ENT said it was a mucous plug? Its very painful http://www.newdentalimages.com/  I have a swollen gland on only one side of my neck...I also have recently be diagnosed with a skin allergy...could there be a connection?  Do you detox your system every season three to four times a year also are you drinking plenty of water and watch what you eat  (Continued)...Yesterday it became swollen again in the morning. I was in pain, it was itchy, it was still swollen. It later got extremely better at the end of the day. No more signs of cold sores and significantly less swollen. But this morning I wake up and it is huge again. I am continuing to take Valtrex. But I have no idea it is it even my cold sores doing this. Please help. I've avoided food that I ate the first day considering allergens. Please help I have a midterm in two hours.  this might be a tooth problem or TMJ problems  I have a node behind my ear and one on my neck that is sore and larger then usual.  My one year old has never been properly diagnosed with Eczema but his pediatrician has told me he has a "feeling" that's what he has. About a month ago my sons finger became extremely inflamed, and during this time his eczema has flared up extremely bad on his knees and the back of his legs. We spent the first week in and out of the ER 5 times. The first visit they lanced his finger. It got worse so the second visit they had a hand surgeon come in a sedate him to lance it again. After almost a week on antibiotics and it being drained it did not get better. The size increased and the redness down his finger was spreading. The 5th time going to the ER they admitted him to the hospital and put him on IV antibiotics. They sent us home the next day and just changed his antibiotics. I hate his little body being filled with these drugs that don't seem to be doing anything. His skin began to peel off his finger and it seemed to get better for about a week but now his finger is swelling again and extremely red. They told me it was paronychia at first then a felon and herpetic whitlow. I feel they have misdiagnosed him because it's going on over a month now and he is still going through this. I've had friends and family tell me it looks like he has MRSA. Has anyone dealt with anything like this? Is there a link between Eczema and whatever is going on with his finger? Who should I seek out for this because the surgeon and his doctor haven't been very helpful. Why is this recurring so quickly? He has an appointment tomorrow with his pediatrician. *He is my first baby and I'm very worried and not sure where to look for the next step* He was on septra, cephalexin, and acyclovir the first go round and he was taking them multiple times a day. He is now on acyclovir and cephalexin again but only once a day this time. His cheeks have also been very red the past few days as well but no fever.  lubricate dry tissue and surrounding area  problem w/patella  This is very strange as I have heard of people having severe allergic reactions to fire ant bites, however; I have never heard of a case where the reactions lasted as long as five years! I would go to the doctors just to make sure there is nothing else that could be causing this  I have the same issue happening to me right now. I broke my leg, just above my ankle in 1999 and ever since I have had issues around the plate/screws site. The doctor told me that what is most likely going on is over time, the screws begin to loosen and even if they loosen just the tiniest fraction it is enough to rub against soft tissue and cause irritation. He told me the best way to take care of this is to have it taken out which for me, right now, is not an option....no insurance, no go. So, when it flares up, I have to stay off my feet as best I can, ice it, elevate it and take an anti-inflammitory. That is what he told me to do.  if it looks like the stitchs could be pulled apart or if theres pain due to swelling id go to the ER exercise depends where you stitchs are located im sure  Knee replacement is painful for about 4-6 months...there will be some swelling, and the clicking is normal. I had a full replacement in 2005 and I am now 59 years old. The main thing is to keep doing your therapy..even though it is painful, it will pay off in the end. You have to have a good therapist to get through this..and you have to push yourself hard to maintain minimum loss of usage in your knee. While I still have some problems with it, especially when it is cold, I managed to retain 87 per cent usage of my knee. I can straighten it out completely, but cannot do a deep knee bend. No Pain, No Gain.  i work in a dental office and it sounds like you have ulcerated the gum tissue from the seeds. the mouth heals rather quickly. i would rec rinsing with warm salt water for a couple of days. if not any better you should see your dentist.  swelling from ankles to knees till my lower legs are wider then my knees,  try adding real lemon to your water and drink as much as you can tolerate and rinse your mouth with organic coconut vinegar before swallowing it. dont swallow often as this tends to lower your blood sugar level greatly. this technique will help clear infection or toxins out of your body and if taken routinely, will help prevent future infections for the most part. if there is pain, you will find by placing a piece of clove (a spice/herb) under the tongue where the bump is or if thats too painful, put it between your cheek and gum and kinda let sit there for as long as you tolerate. it has a numbing affect.  drinking and gargling with organic coconut vinegar and putting real lemon in your drinking water will help cleanse and rid your body of any toxins. followed routinely will help prevent future infections.  yes, if there is a muscle you worked, you did tear it.  If it's the ankle, ice with elevating the feet is the treatment. Also you should support the ankle by wrapping it with bandage or immobilize it with ankle wrap/support if you need to move around. If it's the arch, stop putting pressure on it and let it heal  usually if it is dislocated, chiropractor needs to place it back in place then put a cast or something to immobilize it to heal it properly. you probably need a x ray then the doctor would decide after seeing the result. if it is dislocated and you do nothing, it can heal but may be misaligned.  I have the same problem and I found out im allergic to latex.  i think i have the same thing swollen bottom lip,cold sores jeadaches and my eyes hurt and fever for two days that will come and go they told me it was herpes but i dont believe it  Um, that sounds like pink eye, or another type of eye infection. I strongly suggest scheduling an appointment to see you ophthalmologist.  some time It could be chronic hepatitis B need to see your doctor  yes it could bee  I had the same symptoms. It started on my hand and went to my feet. After going to various doctors, I was diagnosed with a rare fungal infection that can be transferred from dogs to humans in rare cases. I can't find anything about it on WebMD or from any of my current drs. I've started to call / ask vets since after my diagnosis the local vet diagnosed the family dog with the skin infection. the tx for mas was a high dose of ingested Lamisil 9pill form) which can be bad for your liver as well.  Your ear buds may be irritating your ears. It sounds like they are too big for your ears. I had this problem growing up from my hearing aids. The molds would be too big and hurt my ears. Try headphones with the earpiece that goes over your ears, not inside them. You can still buy them this way. It is healthier for your ears and your ear buds may even be contributing to your ear infections.    Not necessarily. Our skin becomes thinner when we age. Sun exposure may cause skin thinning so it is very important that you stay out of the sun and use sunblock for skin protection. You may see a board certified dermatologist like Dr. Eric Schweiger to help you about this.  You may speak with a dermatologist about that particular concern of yours. Dr. Eric Schweiger is a member of the American Academy of Dermatology and the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He may help you with that.  You have to make sure that you are properly washing your ears everyday with mild soap and water. You may also apply some topical medications that you can purchase over the counter.  You may speak with a dermatologist about that particular concern of yours. Dr. Eric Schweiger, a board certified dermatologist may help you with that. Clear Clinic - http://www.clearclinic.com/  It will be best to speak with a medical professional who can help you with that. For the meantime, you may wear comfortable clothes that will not irritate the area.  NO YOU HAVE TO GO TO YOUR DOCTOR THERE SHOULDNT NORMALLY BE A BUMP. SOMETHINGS WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  YES  u are not alone.my mother and I and other members of my family get them on their arms. it started as we got older. we don't know why they are exactly perfectly circular but I think as we age our skin thins and we bruise easily.a bruise is just bleeding under the skin. if u find an answer to the perfect circle id like to know.  same thing for me. one sting one black wasp on my leg. hurt but later very big. I suggest u consult your dr. u will probably need an epinephrine pen to carry. that is an allergy to that wasp. if you get stung multiple times you could be in serious trouble. as for now benedryl, and baking soda water paste and cortisone cream for itching is good. but be prepared just in case it happens again. sometimes your first reaction is a warning and can be life threatening after that.  by the way i got tested for arthritis, and they said i didn't have it  Ok if it was red at first and turned black I would assume that you may have gotten bit by something...(spider?) Also is it painful? If its painful I would definitely think that its a spider bite, because depending on what kind of spider it is most of the time when you get bit it will turn red at first like a pimple but the reason its turning black is that its a poisonous. DON'T PICK AT IT!! If you keep messing with it which I know sometimes is hard to do, but without actually physically seeing it, and assuming its a spider bite, if you keep picking at it and messing with it, than you can actually develop MRSA. which would be bad. So if it doesn't get better within give or take a few days to a week, ask your doctor. But what we did as a home remedy, is we took a glass bottle of some kind, and boiled it and stuck it over the infected spot to get the poison to release. Hope I was some kind of help. But yeah if it doesn't get better call your doctor.  the question is why havn't you gone already. That , i don't think is normal and you should go pronto/NOW!!!  you should take her to the hospital..She may have something like bark or dirt in there and it can clog the tear duct.. So you should get it checked out before it does any major damage  i have chronic mononucleosis and have all these symptoms but i usually have a fever for about a week before i have another attack.  I AM NOT A DOCTOR. but I can tell you that you should see one. infections need to be cleaned out and the puss needs to be drained. for now, I'd say to give it a hydrogen poeroxide soak and to put some antibiotic ointment on it then wrap it up in a band aid or gauze until you can get to a doctor or clinic. I know you wanted to do this all at home, but it might be better to see a doctor now. After all, I assume you like your thumb and wouldn't want it amputated if it gets worse.  Check in with your general practioner or local medical clinic. It's probably infected. I'M NOT A DOCTOR BUT AM STUDYING BASIC MEDICINE  It might be ear wax that is coming out while your sleeping and then as you move around it goes back into your inner ear. That's just my opinion though. I suggest when you wake up clean out your ears, not going to deep (could damage inner ear) as well as using ear drops, also known as ear wax removal aid. That can be a pain in the butt when first using it, just make sure you read the directions carefully. It does work pretty well for me anyways.  sounds like FLUID RETENTION ..I have the samething all the time nearly..  I would definitely use an inflammatory ! That reduces the swelling.  I had the same symptoms twice which were excruciating. I almost "killed" the ambulance, it was so bad. I was diagnosed with Diverticulitis. I had to have emergency surgery - a colon re-section. It was explained that depending upon the length of my intestine, it would determine if the portion that was inflamed was cut, would there be enough to reattach. If not, then I would have to have a colostomy. I was lucky I didn't need that. However, the symptoms returned a couple of years after that surgery and another procedure was done. No, no colostomy. It is very important to keep the intestines clean as much as possible - water and veggies help a lot as well as fruits. Any abdominal pain is never to be ignored. It is not for you to determine if it is gas or not. Any self diagnosis could prove more harmful and could be fatal. See the doctor right away or go to the ER.  no  also doctor can check for blood clot. But usually you will have more increased warmth in that area. But it's safer to be checked out then to have a clot travel to your lungs which can be a big problem. Better to be safe. You also could have injured your muscles from walking differently then normal with the blister.  any antibiotic can potentially cause a yeast infection.. you might want to phone your doctor to see what he/she suggests for the itching-pain-burning. there are quite a few over the counter creams for external use but because of being pregnant you should check with your OB before using them. hope this helps  I had that happen several years ago my Doctor diagnosed it as a hernia, they do a wait and see with it if it doesnt go away it is repairable with surgery, so a visit to your medical provider is suggested. hope my answer helps you.  Seek medical attention. If it feels hot, it may be infected.    if you still have some symptoms you should see a doctor, i also recommend seeing an insectologist, sometimes they take a test to see what bite you, do not think of mosquito bite that simple , and for the next time do not try to irritate the bitten place with rubbing it to much. here are some good tips  Take a hpt, and then follow up with your Gyn.   Have you changed anything? Detergent, softeners, new clothes w/out washing first. new bed, just about anything including a once not allergic to a food ,allergy. is he on antibiotics? My now 10 then 8 went through this, he broke out every day for 3 days once covered half of his body however, benadryl made it go away so it saved me trips to the E.R.( i did take pictures and give them to my sons pediatrician ) It was around Halloween time and it stopped as fast as it started, The closest I came to figuring it out was it was either the detergent, so i switched.or his 2 costumes , try to think of anything that's different, new activity with new surroundings?? anything,, Also hives can be caused by stress this too has happened as well to my son. 12 is middle school and a hard age! Good luck to you!!  soak your foot in epison salt and hot water(hot enough that you won't burn yourself) 3 times a day, the red spots are probably small broken blood vessels. when your not soaking rub mineral ice and wrap in ace bandage you should be good to go in week or so.. and you should take some ibuprofen 2x a day as well.....if no improvement go to doctor you probably have circulation problems  If you are having constipation or bowel movements with it, it could just be IBS. Drink lots of water and increase your fiber intake. Go to a doctor and get it check out to be on the safe side.  these are all symptoms of an infection. you should see your doctor as soon as possible.  i would go back to the er , dont wait for the doctor appt. cause swelling is a bad problem he could have a knotted vien wrapped around his testicals which if left untreated can cause it to be cut out.... its common for dotors in the er to dismiss thing s not cause they dont care but at level of importnce being someone who got shot would have priority over ur son, but if is getting worse n hes in pain go back to the er .... tell them u have an appointment but ur sons in bad pain n cant wait ..... hope hes okay , n i hoped this helped  i dont know truely based on your past history , if it was unrealated i was think its just clean and or maybe u have heathly olis in ur skin but if you feel its cause for concern call ur doctor .... i would think itf ur skin is thin that would would see ur vains very easy , and with that prob... get cut easy also .... but in my gut i dont think its thin skin ... hope this helped  you need to see an experienced doctor to give you the turn your head and cough while he is squeezing your testes, seems like a forgotten art in the medical world. make sure he knows his business and is honest. take the time to tell him exactly what's going on in your life and body, like any accedents or exercises that may have contributed to your condition, I should have went to med school, think carefully and be very honest and exact. Beg him to be honest and sincere, make sure he earns his money.  I have experienced something similar in the past. It may very well be a canker sore. Be aware of signs of infection. Also watch for signs of spreading over entire palette, throat and tongue. Mine turned out to be thrush (a yeast infection of the mouth) There are many causes. I wanted to avoid medication so my doctor recommended I try eating yogurt (Activia) and drinking yogurt smothies found at the store. The whiteness, pain and redness was completely gone after the first 48 hours. He had me continue the yogurt daily for 10 days. There are medications (topical) that you drink, so if don't see improvement see your doc to be sure you're on the right track. If it is a bacterial infection the yogurt wont help at all. Canker sores often respond to citric acids (drinking juice or lemonade), however that is painful. Hope this helps.  Get into a dr. asap never know what going on. But that a few signs somethings not right. Hope all turns out  Sounds like edema. Lots of homepathic things can be done for this. First, lower the amount sodium in your diet. Also, if you don't alreadyhave them, try compression stockings or socks. You can find mild to moderate ones at you local department store. Standing for long periods of time can cause the swelling to increase so try to limit the time you are on your feet. When you are sitting elevate your legs. It's a great excuse to sit in you recliner! If the swelling continues, gets painful, or you notice any sores on your legs or feet, see your doctor.  Sounds like an allergic reation to me as well. Most allergic reactions can be treated with meds such as zyrtec, allergra, claritin, or benydral. I'd start with one of those. Just follow the directions on the box. However, if your throat starts to close or you have difficulty breathing, get to an ER right away.  Take him ASAP. I was bitten when a teenager in the bend of elbow. Had a bubble full of puss. Had to have it lanced. seeped puss for days.  Take him to a doctor as soon as possible. Ticks carry lyme disease. Better safe than sorry.  Try an electric Massager on the bottom of your foot and slowly up your calf works for me.  Also after cancer surgery.    It depends on what kind of spider bit you. I have had this happen with both black widow and brown recluse bites. I would check with my regular doctor if I were you.  if you have had an injury, there could be a blood clot. Even without injury could be a blood clot especially if you a more sedantary lifestyle.  I sounds like he damaged the ligaments under the knee. Which only hurts when you pressure on the knee like kneeling of touching. He should get it checked out soon. The longer he waits the worse it will become because of inflammation under the knee. This will cause the knee to eventually lock in a slight bent position and then it will be difficult to move and that is something that you do not want.  Don't ice it, brisk - wlking. Heat is ok. I've that too. Go see ortho. I've did the lock the facets injection and physio. It's getting better. But after the injection i've mood swings. Spine is better now.  I had a situation where one eye became larger than the other. The actual eyeball looked bigger and jutted out more. Opthomologist said it was actually the Meuller muscle on outside of eyelid that contracted slightly and pulled lid up and out. This was due to a thyroid problem.....I had hypothyroidism and didn't know it. ...Doctor called it TED.......thyroid eye disease.......  To my knowledge there are 5 types of herpes-type viruses... Herpes type 1 is cold sores. Type 2 is sexually transmitted as in genital. Type 3 I believe is chicken pox. Type 4 is herpes zoster which is shingles. Not sure but I don't believe any of these would cause joint pains. The only one I don't know about is type 5: CMV Cytomeglovirus. Not sure about the spelling but that's close enough for you to do a google search..or a webMD search. Hope this helps.  Can't speak directly to a pilonidal? cyst close to the tailbone but in my experience working in urgent cares and assisting in minor surgeries like that, these cysts are lanced, drained and packed with some "string" can't remember the name, but left to heal from the inside out with the post-op care including pulling the packing string out slowly. It continues to drain pus but...heals from the inside out. Eventually you pull all the packing out, keep it clean and after a few weeks it's healed. I'm guessing this is/was a sebatious gland cyst. Sounds like it healed over and reoccurred... Golf ball size sounds like it didn't heal from the inside out. Needs drained again, surgically. Eye problems and sex drive aren't directly related probably??? It would put me in a bad mood too :) Ouch....  Well most likely either contact dermatitis from either anti-persperant, detergent or fabric softener, or razor irritation or a combination of both. If you're right handed and it didn't happen in the left armpit but did happen in the right armpit, might indicate that you're less competent shaving with your left hand? Just a wild guess. Doesn't sound serious. Lay off the shaving for a few days and also the anti-persperant. If you're using the same detergent for a long time chances are you aren't allergic to it. But you CAN develope an allergy even after a while.  A lot of BP meds have diuretics already in them. In mild hypertension, sometimes just the diuretic is enough to get you back in the safe zone. Just be careful, with lasix 40mg you deplete potassium thru your urine and have to have a potassium suppliment so you don't get deficient and get leg cramps or worse, heart palpatations. Check with your doc to see if your meds have a diuretic. If you're swelling you might need a higher dose. You might need to lay off the salt.  I do have this symptoms occasionally with some serious pain in my gums and then it disappears, I consulted my Doctor about this and he told me to that it could result from the medication I was taken to threat the sinus ailment. Thanks..  AFTER KNEE REPLACEMENT I FELT IT WOULD BE NORMAL,IN TIME.IVE HAD TWO OTHER OTHROSCOPIC KNEE SURGERYS AND FOUR SHOULDER OPERATIONS,THEY ALL HEALED 100%MY SUREGON SAID TWO YEARS.NOW MY NEW DR.SAYS IT WILL ALWAYS DO THAT???  Considering you had your baby in February, I am assuming that your placenta was removed shortly therafter. If so, it is quite a few months afterwards so you shouldn't have any bruising. You would have notice bruising shortly after having your placenta removed. Since you have the bloating, I would follow up with your physician.   I went to the doctor (18 months ago) for sever pain associated with a lump in the scrotum located where I had a 1985 vasectomy. The Dr. immediately prescribed antibiotics and mentioned Epididymitis as common with vasectomy. The pain lessened but did not fully go away. Tests (Blood and UA) could not be definitive as I had started antibiotics. Pain, while much less and not constant, continues. Various tests and UAs (over the following months) for discharges also did not show anything I am 57 years old and it is hard to tell if mild urinary conditions (weaker and more frequent flow) are related. Pain in and the lump itself is the only definitive symptom. The original Dr. referred me to a urologist and between the two of them; hernia and kidney stone(s) were thought to be the culprit. However it is apparent to me the source of pain is the pea-sized lump. My desire to remove it by cutting it out, as in redoing the vasectomy procedure is not well met (ignored). PS Yes my sex life is suffering but only in direct relationship to the ebb and flow of pain, good days and bad days...Also my wife's health seems unaffected by mine although I am not sure what to look for to indicate transmission. Sexually transmitted disease was tested for to be ruled out. My question: Can Epididymitis reoccur or be misdiagnosed/treated so lump/pain is less yet remains? >18 mo. of variable pain continues. Do I/we ask for a different drug, redo the Cipro regiment or even suggest a heavier/longer regiment? Please (anyone) respond if they have suggestions...Hope to hear your condition resolved  herpes and swelling are not synonimous. Herpes is more like a rash, swelling - in my case, when it occurs - goes away with topical dermatological cream, like for example : Mupicorin ointment. Bumps and pimples ARE NOT HERPES. Herpes is usually a much more severe thing.  Because there are so many tick born ailments I think it's important that you watch her closely for the next week or so. Make sure you take temp 2xs a day and watch for rashes anywhere on the body.  What usually causes swelling and pain in both feet and legs is water retention. I have the same problem and I take water pills to help reduce the fluid that my body does not release on its own. You can cut down on your salt intake as well as talk to your doctor. The swelling in your legs could also be an early sign of Congestive Heart Failure. (CHF). Ibuprofen will help with the pain as well as the inflammation. I hope this has helped answer your question.  this is called edema and can be cause by many things. i suggest u look up what can cause edema of the extremetie's ,  I would talk to your Dr. maybe something else going on.  I have had several seizures and have yet to know what I do, I remember the room getting dark, then I see nothing, and it seems like a just a few seconds and I am ok, but I never remember it and I have been told that it lasted a few minutes, not seconds.  Absolutely take him to a doctor. It may be nothing but it may be a life threatening condition. My 14 year old daughter had similar to what symptoms you describe and it was lymphoma. Doctor first insisted it is just strep throat and with this it is common for all lymph nodes in body to swell and to have elevated temp. Gave her antibiotics. I kept calling doctor and nurse telling them it is getting worse and was told each time to wait that it will get better. Several days later she could barely walk due to sever swelling and pain and I took her in demanding she be seen. They found it to be cancer. Don't wait. Use common sense and listen to mothers' intuition if what doctor tells you does not seem right. Take him to the ER if you cant get in to doctors office because of lack of insurance. Insist he be seen.  i don't know and would like to .  You said you were walking around afterwards, this means nothing is broken. Internal bruising can take up to several months to heal. It sounds like the bruise made its way to the surface, hence the swelling. This is good. Keep doing what you're doing, and give it time. Avoid the doctor bill, especially with feet, there's nothing much a doc can do... even if it were broken.  Could possibly be sinus infection. Take some of the new Advil allergy and congestion pills available. Box is yellow and green says New at top. Other than that possibly need to go to doctor or clinic or er. Not sure if hay fever but I get the same feelings. Advil allergy and congestion will work for hay fever too. Better to try then not to. You only get I think 10 pills for 6.00 and I buy them at DG store Dollar Store. One every 4-6 hours as needed. Try it other than that I dont know  Possibly a allergic reaction or maybe a med interference. I have never been able to get any over the counter migraine meds to work besides excederine tension and i was put on fioricet which helped. I would say a different ingredient whether inactive or active is in the off brand. Nothing really compares to the original.  I don't remember anything. I was shopping with my family, the last thing I remember is looking at a pair of boots with my daughter. My son said I looked up and then dropped and started seizing. My next memory is about an hour later in the ambulance. They were asking my name and I knew I should know the answer but could not come up with it.  I HAVE TWO SMALL BLOOD CLOTS,ONE IN EACH LEG THAT I HAD FOR ABOUT 7 YEARS WITH NO PROBLEMS  I had a doctor show me once on my wife what yeast infections look like and you just described it perfectly....but, I'm just a guy, so if it is bothering/hurting you, I'd recommend a trip to the GYM or family doc....  I've had DVT and it never presented in such a manner.....however, I'm not a doctor, so am not sure if that sort of pain could be DVT or not. I doubt it seriously though. .... I've never heard of DVT presenting like that. IMO it's more likely muscular. If it persists, see a doc.  Sounds like blood poison...take to the Doctor immediately.  your physician needs to be alerted with this ! especially if you happen to be diabetic, or have history of circulatory problems  yes!!!!!! I HAVE THYROID DISEASE and this is called a " Goiter", immdiate attention is needed to family physician first then he/she will send you to an Encronologist for testing of Thyroid Disease  MIGRAINE SEE A DOCTOR. Do You GET NAUSEA, LIGHT BOTHER YOU, HEARD TO SEE  no  It could take a little bit. your cardiologist has to find the right combination and strength of meds you need. took mine about 8 to 12 weeks. I'm now on Lasix 80 mg daily and pottasuim 20 meq 2 times daily. They might have you weigh yourself daily and take so much depending on weight gain over night Good luck !! prayers are with you AND you can do this !!!  Bleeding from the fractured bone and surrounding tissue causes the fractured area to swell. This stage begins the day you fracture the bone and lasts . Between 2 and after the injury, the pain and swelling will decrease.  How, where, and when the symptoms of gout appear vary. Some people may not experience gout as many painful 			 attacks. Instead they have gout nearly all the time (chronic gout). Chronic gout in older adults may be 			 less painful and can be confused with other forms of 			 arthritis . Gout may lead to inflammation of the fluid sacs ( bursae ) that cushion tissues, particularly 		 in the elbow (olecranon 		 bursitis ) and knee (prepatellar bursitis). Gout can also affect the joints of the feet, ankles, knees, wrists, fingers, 		 and elbows. Symptoms may occur after an illness or 			 surgery. Gout may first appear as 			 nodules ( tophi ) on the hands, elbows, or ears. You may not have any of the classic symptoms of a gout attack.  It depends on what the causes are I would need more information.  I have a swollen gland by my jaw bone and it pulses and moderate pain  don't waste your time here in sharing it with us as this is issue related with health so just go consul an expert man  I worked at an eye doctors office.You need to see an eye doctor and stop using over the counter stuff. We see this alot and most of the time it's dry eye or an eye infection. Your eyes are important,really, see an eye doctor!  No blood clots or lumps. Is very hurtful when I tried to put finger in it just barely goes in and comes you with a pink/red stain no signs of discharge  It could be an STD. You may want to get tested.  You might have damaged your bursa sac.  Go to the emergency room. You could be having something called compartment syndrome. This may have been caused by too many different things to mention. The most important thing is to maintain circulation in the leg which could be compromised according to your description of your leg. Call 911.  Did they test you for carpel tunnel. You might have that or you might just have tender wrist. See if you can get tested for Carpel Tunnel.  use ice to reduce swelling1 wk only if no change need to see doctor for MRI  need to get tested. potassium/sodium  sounds like spider bite. if no improvement in 4 days see doctor.  Thanks for all the support, I didnt pop it agian, it was painful I did look online in other resources, and someone recommended Calimine lotion? ... after about 12 hours it was smaller in size, and i touched it and it poped itself with very little pain. Lots of puss, but the swelling is going down. I'm washing it periodically now with Saline water. Thanks everyone. I will keep everyone posted, if i have anymore questions, i'll post another. thanks for all the help agian.  Not an expert, but sounds like a deep pimple to me, I have them on my earlobes sometimes. I just recently had one on my penis, i was pretty scared it was an STI for awhile, turned out to just be a massive hard not ready to pop pimple =\  