it could mean that you are pregnant,better go to your doctor and do a test and make sure  IDENTICAL SYMPTOMS appeared in my ankle preceding a bite from a Black Widow spider in the topI-foot. *The actual bite she gave was ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS*  I am going to be a mommy and I did ent have sex and my docture told my mom so yes you can  How big are their nipples? Perhaps it's time for them to start wearing some sort of bra. How much exercise do they regularly get? I'm a guy, and I'm in pretty great shape, but if I run for a few hours a day every day after taking several weeks off, my nipples can get sore from my shirt. I imagine it could be the very same problem for a very young girl, depending on how much and what type of exercise they're getting.  Oh, swimming pool -- how long did they have their swimming suits on for? Probably just a contact rash from having that wet cloth rubbing on their skin as they played around during the day.  A hematoma occurs when blood leaks out of the blood vessel into adjacent tissue areas. When a hematoma occurs, as I remember from emergency medicine training, the principles associated in the acronym ( R. I. C. E.) may be applied as follows: (R) Rest,( I) Ice, (C) Compression, and (E), Elevation. You should consider a 2nd medical evaluation if the hematomas appears to be infected, hemorrhaging of blood occurs, if your dad is taking a blood thinner and bleeding will not stop, or if the affected tissue area has not returned to its previous state of being within 4-6 weeks after first noting the hematomas. It can take a month or longer for this type of condition to completely resolve itself. My Conclusion: Save the pain and tenderness, it seems that dad should have a total recovery from his hematoma condition in a rather uneventful manner. Of course it is always a judgment call when to seek medical treatment. In the case of a 80 year old man, your advocacy and good judgment are critical ingredients to his continued safety and quality of health. I'm inclined to play it safe and not delay in re- seeking treatment when the least bit of medical uncertainty exists. I hope that this answer has been helpful and your dad's recovery is swift and complete.  My answer is meant to be constructive and not intended as a judgmental criticism by labeling your condition as being caused by alcohol abuse. You could be experiencing a condition called alcoholic neuropathy . The symptoms as you describe them may be signs of nerve damage which can be permanent. If you stop drinking, your pain and the tenderness feelings may diminish due to an improved nutritional balance within the body. Besides terminating your alcohol intake through approved treatment methods (Detox/ Rehabilitation/ Talk Therapy/ Medications/ 12 Step AA Program Involvement/etc.) , taking B vitamins such a B12 and Thiamin and seeing a neurologist are advisable steps to be taken. You can stop drinking alcohol and prevent other serious medical problems. This is best accomplished by being vigorously honest with yourself and seeking addiction help. I wish you well.  I don't have your exact answer, but if you have a smartphone you can download an app called "Period Tracker" that will keep track of your cycle, symptoms, intimacy dates, and ovulation. There is also a "Pregnancy Mode" that will track your pregnancy.    i had a hysterectomy a yr ago?  I don't know,...I'm going through something similar and don't know what's going on. First day of last period was 2/23, ovulated last week supposedly (we are trying to get pregnant). Then on Wednesday, 3/13, I started bleeding and cramping for last 4 days. Lower back ache and tired. Three pregnancy tests were Negative. Never been pregnant before. Hadn't been on pill for over 8 years. I'm supposed to get my period in a week from now supposedly. What is happening? :(  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  You could be. If you have a normal 28 day cycle you would of ovulated around the 15th if you had unprotected sex around that day you could of conceived. I'd say take a home pregnancy test if still negative ask your dr for another blood test. Good luck to you.    It sounds like to be like some sort of cyst. Especially the way you describe it. You should see your Doctor about it and he may be able to tell you what it is or help with a prescription.  Has your diet or sex play changed recently? See your doctor if this continues for a few months.  Regardless of your age, clothes rubbing on your nipples can cause irritation. My wife was having the same problem. I suggested clear double sided tape. As crazy as it sounds, it worked.  I know a woman who started to produce milk and was not pregnant. She said her husband would suck on them for long periods of time night-after-night. She felt them getting heavy and increased 2 cup sizes. Don't know if this can happen to all women or not. Your doctor should be able to determine the cause.  Sorry you're going through this. Some people are prone to developing , and it's not a pleasant process to go through. If you are not running a fever, you can probably take a wait-and-see attitude toward the situation. (A fever is indicative of an infection, though a localized skin infection may not cause much of a fever.) Drainage is good when it comes to cysts, so you can try applying very warm compresses to the area to help "draw out" the remaining fluid. The white head you're seeing could be a layer of skin cells re-growing to cover the opening. Although you can gently scrub the skin to keep the cyst open, we generally discourage people from doing this because you don't want to inadvertently introduce infection to the area. Speaking of which, you also can apply antibacterial ointment to the area to reduce the chances of the wound becoming infected. It's not unusual for a large sebaceous cyst to take several days to completely drain after it has burst on its own. Assuming you're not allergic to any over-the-counter pain remedies, you can take ibuprofen or acetaminophen for the pain. If you continue to have concerns about the cyst, or if it emits a smelly, greenish pus, or if you start running a fever, then it's time for a trip to the doctor. It's not necessarily an emergency, but I'd recommend you call your primary health care provider if the situation gets worse or doesn't clear up over the next several days. Wishing you well!  In all probability, what you're experiencing is simply irritation and dryness of the nipple, which can be fixed by applying moisturizer. That said, the full answer is a bit more complicated. The fact you're having pain throughout the whole breast presents something of a red flag. I'd suggest you see your primary care provider to have this more fully evaluated. Obviously, you don't want to take any chances that this is something more serious that just dry skin. Even if you've had normal mammograms in the past, tenderness in the breast is something to get evaluated. With luck, it will turn out to be something simple, but you'll get some peace of mind by having your health care provider evaluate this. Good luck to you!  So sorry to hear you're dealing with this. Pain is never fun! The symptoms you're describing could be caused by several things, ranging from injury (striking your hand against an object, for example) to repetitive motion strain (such as from using a video game controller for hours on end). Treating the symptoms may be based in part on what is causing them, so your best bet is to get checked out by your primary care provider. He or she will evaluate the problem, possibly order some tests (X-ray, for example), and then develop an appropriate treatment plan for you. So, while this certainly isn't an emergency situation, it would be a good idea to have this problem checked out before it gets any worse. Good luck to you!  I'm sorry you're having concerns about your incision. Sometimes, they can be a bit slower to heal than we'd like. I can't give you specific instructions because I don't know what type of closure you had for your incision: staples, sutures (stitches), glue (Dermabond), steristrips (the little tape pieces), etc. Each type of closure can require a different type of post-surgery care. What I can tell you is that you probably don't need to clean the wound with peroxide or use epsom salts. In most cases, we recommend gently cleansing the incision with plain soap and water, then patting dry. But, again, this depends on the type of closure you had on the incision. Using an antibacterial bandage, as you've done, isn't a bad idea. A key question, in terms of whether or not you should have this checked out, is this: Are you running a fever? A fever is the classic sign of infection. If you're not running a fever (as checked by a thermometer), then you're probably OK to wait for your next check-up. If your next check-up is weeks away, you could put a call in to your surgeon's office and ask to speak to the nurse. She or he can give you further instructions on how to care for your incision. A 1/8-inch opening or red spot isn't usually concerning, and what you're perceiving as "yellow pus" might not be infection, at all. It's not uncommon for any wound to ooze a sticky, yellowish substance that is basically excess protein cells produced by the body for healing. I hope this info helps. If you have any concerns, please don't hesitate to phone your surgeon's office!  I'm voting for "doctor-worthy." What your describing could possibly be the formation of a , which is basically a large bruise. However, unlike superficial bruises, hematomas are sizeable collections of blood that can become infected if not treated. That's why I'd recommend you get this checked out by a doctor. At best, it will turn out to be nothing and you'll have peace of mind. It seems like a can't-lose scenario, to me. Good luck to you!  To be honest, I'd have this checked out. Chronic can be caused by an injury like the one you describe. It's even possible you suffered a small fracture. At any rate, the sooner you have it checked out, the more effective treatment might be at heading off ongoing problems. You don't need to rush to the emergency room, but you might call your primary care provider for an evaluation. He or she might want to take an X-ray just to be sure there's no break. Your provider also can give you more specific information about the prognosis. Good luck to you!  If you feel you may be hypothyroid, it wouldn't be a bad idea to get checked out. If you do have , you should be treated for it. Breast tenderness generally isn't considered a symptom of hypothyroidism, but it can be a symptom of other hormonal changes or imbalances. Some women complain of breast tenderness during perimenopause or , and they also discover they are hypothyroid at that time. So, it can appear as if the hypothyroidism and tender breasts are linked, when they aren't, necessarily, in a clinical sense. Your best bet is to make an appointment for an evaluation by a health care provider, particularly since you said you have a lump on or near your thyroid gland. Hypothyroidism can be treated, and the sooner you catch it, the better. Best to you!  I'm sorry you're going through this and hope you have sought medical treatment. Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose a condition like this without a physical exam. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. A medical professional needs to see this and possibly run some additional tests in order to figure out what's going on. Meanwhile, be extremely careful not to touch surfaces or other people while the rash on your hands is active. Wear light gloves, if possible, to keep from spreading whatever this may be to others. I hope you get a diagnosis and feel better soon!  I'd suggest you get this looked at. Chances are it's a common wart or something benign, but there's always a possibility it's a skin cancer. Obviously, you'd want to treat that right away. No need to rush to the emergency room. I'd suggest you make an appointment with a dermatologist or your primary care provider. Meanwhile, try not to scratch it, squeeze it, or pick at it. Any of that type of behavior can break open the skin and make it easy for bacteria to enter. You don't want to get a skin infection on top of this! Feel free to wash or shampoo as normal. This should not cause any ill effects to the bump. Be a bit careful combing or brushing your hair, so you don't catch the bump on the implement and tear it off or something. Hope this helps!  I certainly understand her reluctance to seek medical attention when she doesn't have insurance. Many communities offer free or low-cost clinics to people who are uninsured. Maybe you can help her find one of these. I think your daughter needs to get this checked out. It may be completely benign, such as a lipoma (a fatty non-cancerous tumor). But then again, it could be something more serious. Certainly, if your daughter has a fever or is experiencing unintended weight loss, she needs to be checked out as soon as possible. You might encourage your daughter, also, by reminding her the cost of an office visit is substantially less than the cost of an emergency room visit, so why put off getting this thing looked at? I wish your daughter all the best!  You could take a home pregnancy test to find out or have your doctor take a blood sample. Both can detect a certain hormone in a woman when she is pregnant then you don't have to wonder any more.  I would first check the side effects of the medications you are taking and see if that is listed. I checked my new medications today and that was one of the side effects. Good luck!  To soon to tell. Wait a week before your period is due and take a test.  From my understanding this is not abnormal. Women experience these types of symptoms after menstration in many cases. It depends on how long it is after, but it sounds like it's right after you stop bleeding. This is common, but should be discussed with your OB or primary to make sure they understand.  Your body may go through a few different changes like this over the few months right after you stop a birth control regimine. Your body's hormone's have been confused and challenged by the medicaton and it takes time for your natural cycles and funtions to return.  Could be som thyroid problems, especially if your throat is sore or you feel like you're choking. Should bring to your physician's attention. Should get checked out further, could be an array of symptoms.  Gout almost always starts with pain in one of your big toes. Gout is a build up of too much uric acid in the body and the pain is first felt in one of the big toes, or both. The symptoms you are describing sound more like a condition called neuropothy, a painful condition caused by over active nerve endings. Ask your doctor if it could be that, it doesn't sound at all like gout to me  I know I got it tired once and cut but like you said it could have untied. I took a test 3 days into me being late which came back negative, but i have like I did with my first 3 so I have no clue. I've done my research on the tubal ligation and damn people still get pregnant after getting them tied. So i don't know.  In a 28 day cycle, ovulation likely takes place around day 14. Pregnancy can result from intercourse 4 days before to 3 days after ovulation, which would be days 10 to 17. So yes, that activity on day 12 could lead to pregnancy but I'd be surprised at the symptoms showing so quickly.  Possibly a mouth ulcer.  It sounds similar to what my mom has, a fungus growing in/under the nail. Hers however, was not tender or painful. She won't go to the doctor for it because she doesn't wear open toed shoes and just doesn't want to tell the doctor "Hey, look at my black toe" because she thinks it would sound insane. As far as I know the doctor can give you a prescription for a fungicidal pill that will clear it right up.  This happened to my sister before and her period and it got pretty serious she got a infection because the doctor said that their was a build up of dried blood that stayed inside her due to leaving her tampon inside her for a long time, I would recomened using a pad if this happens or getting yourself cleaned.  It may be due to TMJ. I had a swollen lymph node in my neck [left side] for months and then it disappeared. The diagnosis was TMJ.  Have you been tested for fibromyalgia? I have this and the pain moves to different areas.  Yes, if you are female and have had sexual intercourse.  Very much so! You can be pregnant and still have your period. I did for the first 4 months. I'd no idea I was pregnant until I went to my doctors for feeling run down and bloated and I'm a doctor!! When my doctor told me I was pregnant I was so surprised I said, like a dope, wow, I wonder how that happened? He gave me a look which made me feel about 2" high! I thought I had the flu and here he tells me I have the 9 month flu! Should have seen my husbands face as we had needed fertility medication to get our first child and now God just blessed us with one and we were through the first trimester without all that worry too so some things can be a blessing in the long run. I'm sure you've read about women who actually deliver and never knew they were pregnant (or at least that's what they say, I've had 4 sons and I've no idea how you could not know you are pregnant once the little one starts tap dancing on your insides! Mine wouldn't even let me read in bed. I would prop the book on my stomach as I really had nowhere else to prop it and holding it in mid air that high would have made my arms ache but as soon as the baby felt the book on my abdomen he would kick at it, bounce his feet off it and try to get it off of my stomach by any way possible. It really was funny but after a while a little annoying too! Be Well, Aylagh MacAnnadh, M.D.  Possibly stress related, I would take NO chances I would go to your family doctor and ask them to see possibly a cardiologist. Better to be safe than sorry! Good luck  For some people a urine test stick does not always work. The HCG Hormone or pregnancy hormone may not be prevelant enough for the pee test to work. I had a friend who had this problem. She tried a pee test after she was knowingly several months pregnant and still came back with several false pee test. You will have to go to your doctor and have a blood test done to confirm wether or not you are pregnant. For whatever reason you may be one that a home pregnancy test might not work. Your other symptoms could be pregnancy related, but if not your doctor should be able to help you figure out what may be causing your symptoms. Good luck.  Hi Well its either a skipped period or your pregnant, if its the later then you will need to wait till what would be the date of your next period and do a pregnancy test then. If not see your doctor for a test. Good Luck  Hi In that case I would get off to your doctor ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Sorry for not getting back to, but this never got to me, just found it, for me, I would say go get tested either and HPT or at you doctors. Look you have not said, but are you or at the time you had unprotected sex, was you on any kind of meds, these can lower the effect of BC. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See My Second Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi For one sex is very good for you when pregnant, how it will fill will depend on what part of the term your in, but always get in comfortable position for you, remind hubby or b/f, that you must always be comfortable, and its for both of you it will help, but no deep banging away, slow and easy, and if like us the night before it was born both times, seemed to work wonders. Have fun and keep happy. Good Luck  Hi JB, The unfortunate thing is the menopause can come that early, and for the odd girl there born that way. You best bet would be do a test at your doctors, see what that throws up. One more thing it could be a phantom pregnancy, these act just the same and women do get a lump, and it has nothing in it. Hope this helps. Good Luck   Hi JB, The unfortunate thing is the menopause can come that early, and for the odd girl there born that way. You best bet would be do a test at your doctors, see what that throws up. One more thing it could be a phantom pregnancy, these act just the same and women do get a lump, and it has nothing in it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi having a period and still be pregnant, yes you could be, or it could be just a missed period, it does happen. But wait till you should have you next period, if you miss then do a test, Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi TOG, found you this info, the post for it sounded just like your problem. There are two possible explanations for "excessive blood in the uterus". 1. Hematometra---This is a collection of blood or unexpelled menstrual blood trapped inside the uterus. I have seen this condition where the cervical canal has scarred over (eg from a laser or LEEP procedure) such that the blood can not pass out into the vagina. I have also seen it after an abortion where the cervix is temporarily swollen shut so blood is retained. Lastly, some congenital abnormal structures of the uterus can prevent flow from escaping. This later cause is usually found only in young teen women. Retained blood in the uterus can prompt abdominal pain and an enlarged, tender uterus. 2. A too-thick, excessive uterine lining--In this scenario it is not blood, rather an excessively thick lining inside the uterus This is way more common than a hematometra. The usual cause of a too thick lining is missed ovulations. The concern with a thickened lining is the development of abnormal, precancerous cells. This would not cause abdominal pain. You mentioned having had removal of your right ovary last month. It is unlikely for blood related to your surgery to be trapped inside the uterus. It would be possible that you could have missed several ovulations due to the stress of the surgery and any right ovary problems. The consultation with the GYN should give you the most "for sure" answer. They can clarify what exactly was seen on ultrasound--blood in the uterus or an excessively thick lining. Bottom line, both are readily treatable. Yours, Jane That's Jane Harrison Hoher, RN,RNP, here on WebMD. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi You should see your doctor and get a blood test done, this will tell you doctor were you are with your hormones, he/she can take it from there, as you have not said it could also be the menopause kicking in. But here is a WebMD link you can have a read of. The link http://blogs.webmd.com/womens-health/2012/02/nipple-itching.html Do hope something here helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find it very hard for sperm to work its way through dry cotton. She could be just having a skipped period, but if she is really worried the either do an HPT or get e test done at her doctors, the second would be the best way out for her, tell her not to worry what happens at her doctor is between her and the doctor If she's thinking pregnant then any little twinges she will think pregnant, its all in the mind, it can happen just like phantom pregnancy's happen. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS If she's OK the her its time to get on some kind of BC, the pill, cap or IUD, but not depo shot, just to many side effects.  Hi Sounds like its your hormones getting out of whack at that time of the month, your only way to find out would be by having some tests done at a normal time of the month and why its happening. Blood tests that is, for hormones. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, Try this, If you got your period today, you're not pregnant. Sore nipples arise when oestrogen becomes dominant in your system. Your body released more oestrogen because you were going to have your period in two weeks. In order to have a period, your body release another hormone, Progesterone, which simultaneously starts the flow, and stops any fertilization of remaining egg follicles. You could have sore nipples all through your period this time. oestrogen can make you nauseated. You are not pregnant. You just need to learn more about the process your body goes through preparing for Menstruation. Something may have stimulated the excess oestrogen in your system. It could be just your body changing, or even food containing animal oestrogen. Hope this helps your problem in some way. Good Luck  Hi Have a read through this link, its from the NHS in the UK, English girls get the same symptoms as you, but it reads very interesting, facts an so on. But sounds like you big day is coming. The Link, http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/puberty/Pages/Startingperiods.aspx Just copy the link into google to open and read Do hope you find the help you want. Good Luck  Hi see Above answer.  Hi Then its time you went are sore your doctor then, get a test done there, it will be the best thing your can do. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds like you popped your cartilage, and as your finding its painful, just try sleeping on your back, if you cant then you will lean how to, I di the same, given time it will pass? about 4 weeks. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds more like a lymph gland, than cancer. Just go see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi Well that was 7 months ago, things can c hange in that time span, just get to your doctor ASAP, and if need be get another mammogram done. Its best to be safe that sorry. Good Luck  Hi Well we all get these from time to time, you will just have to wait till it gets a head to get rid of it, when you do squeeze all the pus out of till it bleeds, then give it a sea salt in warm water wash, it should soon stop bleeding, after that it will soon be back to normal. So then its back to sex or masturbating? your choice. Good Luck  Hi OK seems you have been having unprotected sex? yes, and the test means your pregnant and some time in the future you will be a Mum. Well done. Good Luck  Hi Have you done a pregnancy test yet, then it would stop all the guessing? Good Luck  Hi As I'm not from the USA, for me it would be get to hospital or start with your doctor, but sounds like you may have damaged a ligament or it could be your cartilage in your knee joint, the force of the blow could have done either. A MRI would tell the whole story, so would an ER be your first stop? Could be. But if you have some time before you go ice pack the knee joint, be doing this it brings in extra blood, this aids healing, a cheap pack of frozen peas in a thin cloth, are good for this, then just refreeze, and keep using, but don't eat them Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So after not having any periods for a year do you think your through the menopause? have you had a hormone test? The reaction your getting could be from your hormones being mixed up or low. I would go get a blood test to see how your hormones are doing, some HRT may help your problem. If you get another yeast infection, just try some warm sea salt baths for a week twice a day just two handfuls of sea salt each time, you let the water get inside your vagina. For more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. Do hope there's some help here. Good Luck  Hi So after not having any periods for a year do you think your through the menopause? have you had a hormone test? The reaction your getting could be from your hormones being mixed up or low. I would go get a blood test to see how your hormones are doing, some HRT may help your problem. If you get another yeast infection, just try some warm sea salt baths for a week twice a day just two handfuls of sea salt each time, you let the water get inside your vagina. For more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. Do hope there's some help here. Good Luck  Hi Just before this last 3 weeks, did you change any of your meds, as could be something to do with that? Sore nipples: When both nipples are sore, its almost certainly nothing to do with breast cancer. In fact, any time youre experiencing an issue with both of your breasts at oncepain, soreness, lumpsit would be very unusual for breast cancer to be the cause. Breast cancer symptoms almost always appear in just one breast at a time. Your nipples are one of the most sensitive parts of your body; theyre easily irritated. Sore nipples can be caused by something as simple as a change in your body wash or laundry detergent. Theyre a classic sign of early pregnancyand also of the approach of your period. Sore nipples may be due to a hormonal imbalance. Cold compresses sometimes help; but generally, its just something you have to wait out. This bit above I found for you, it may help as info. Good Luck  Hi, Just to be on the safe side either go get tested or do one yourself, just in case you don't want a child, but be quick, as your still in the time frame to abort. But please remember some pills are not 100% proof, this may account for the hiccup like having a period, and there could have been a problem with your pills? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have you thought of doing a home pregnancy test, or doing one through your doctor, just because have PCOS, there is still the chance of one egg getting through, but that could pose problems if its a ectopic pregnancy. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just take a trip to your doctor let him examine you, he can also do a test as well, could answer all your questions in one go. Good Luck  Hi OK you need to wait to the next first day of your next period, to do another test, this day is the best day, see how it goes and take it from there doctor and so forth. But it could be just a skipped period? Good Luck  Hi, Have you thought of have a pregnancy test, this would clear your mind of one thing. Do we take that this a is a vaginal discharge, if there's a smell as well could be BV, one more thing to get tested for. OK if your not a lover of antibiotics, you can use sea salt or boric acid for BV, just google bv and sea salt or bv and boric acid for more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi here are some links below the may help you, and help understand things a bit better. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Abscess/Pages/Causes.aspx http://www.nativeremedies.com/ailment/natural-treatments-for-skin-abscess.html http://www.earthclinic.com/search.php?cx=partner-pub-2476760853251960%3Ae2s0aw4vhqg&cof=FORID%3A10&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=leg+absess&sa=&siteurl=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html%3Fltr%3DA%23ailments&ref=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html&ss=4793j2972631j10 http://www.cayennepepper.info/treating-wounds-with-cayenne-pepper.html All these links you will have to copy into google to read them, the last one is the odd ball, no real facts are know about it with an absess, but seeing as were you are could the ace in the hole, sorry for the pun, just give it a try, clean it out fill it up and put a cover over it and change it daily. Do hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi here are some links below the may help you, and help understand things a bit better. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Abscess/Pages/Causes.aspx http://www.nativeremedies.com/ailment/natural-treatments-for-skin-abscess.html http://www.earthclinic.com/search.php?cx=partner-pub-2476760853251960%3Ae2s0aw4vhqg&cof=FORID%3A10&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=leg+absess&sa=&siteurl=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html%3Fltr%3DA%23ailments&ref=www.earthclinic.com%2Failments.html&ss=4793j2972631j10 http://www.cayennepepper.info/treating-wounds-with-cayenne-pepper.html All these links you will have to copy into google to read them, the last one is the odd ball, no real facts are know about it with an absess, but seeing as were you are could the ace in the hole, sorry for the pun, just give it a try, clean it out fill it up and put a cover over it and change it daily. Do hope it helps in some way. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds like you got cramp in the night, but its a wonder it did not wake you up, when you do and wake with just pull on your foot with the other one, works for me. Do Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot to say, the pain will slowly go away, over a day or two, your just going to have to live with it.  Hi Perhaps its testicular torsion, symptoms and epididymitis can be the same, have a word with your doctor or your uro, they should be able to help better than over a web page, but do it soon, or you could end up with a bigger problem. Good Luck  Hi Sorry being English I got the dates round the wrong way, I was thinking 1st December, again sorry for my mix up, in that case yes your just waiting. Good Luck  Hi, It could also be vaginal thrush, or BV along with a common yeast infection. Its best you google all 3 and look at the side effects and see what you think match's up. But a trip to your doctor would be best advice, but as this frightens you, how would and STD/GUM Clinic do or would frighten you as well, the staff do know there job and are there to help you. But you could look up sea salt treatment for all 3, just google sea salt and bv, and so on, this way you don't have to stuff your body with antibiotics. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well its either one of your tubes has come untied, unless it was the one where its double tired and cut, and you are pregnant and you just need to do a test, HPT or see your doctor. And if you google menopause symptoms, there are something like 30 of them, and these do match up with yours, in a mix and match form, so why your at the doctors, have a blood test done, this will tell you what your hormones are doing, and these are the best measure for coming into the menopause. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi You could try having sea salt baths twice a day, let the water get inside you, it wont hurt you, for more info just google sea salt and the vagina. I your b/f has insurance tell him to go and get tested, just to be on the safe side. Next time you have sex, make sure your both clean, and try using extra lubrication when having sex. If after next time you have sex and get swollen, put some ice cubes in water, once they have been in there for a minute, try inserting then inside your vagina, but not for to long, this should help reduce the swelling, and attract more blood into the area, this will add healing. Good Luck  Hi, I'm putting a link at the bottom of this post, some of the things your writing about are side effects of the stick, well you read ut and see what you think. Good Luck http://www.nhs.uk/medicine-guides/pages/MedicineSideEffects.aspx?condition=Contraception&medicine=implanon&preparation=  Hi OK Question, dose this ring slip off with this weight gain, or dose it stay in place the whole time? Please come back.  Hi If he's that bad just get him to an ER ASAP Good Luck  Hi First you have to remember not all women going through there menopause get tenderness, hot flush's or mood swings. My wife never, but a blood test for your hormones will tell you if you are, but then a blood test will also tell you if your pregnant, I think now may be a good time to get a blood test or a pregnancy home test. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is if this administered by your doctor, just get back there ASAP. It could be that its up to scratch, but he/she would know. Don't be fobbed off. Good Luck  Hi, You should go see your doctor or gyno, when something like this happens, ASAP. Good Luck  Hi Well you have missed the periods, Yes and on your way to missing a third. Well the best thing you can do is go to your doctor and get a test done there, you should know for sure then. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its sounds like you have a strain, that does not want to go away, but they can do that, if your heavy lifting the that could be why. Just give it time, and slowly your forget it, because it gone. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Its a funny one, but have found some info that might help, but no rice beads. If you worry about those ' funny bumps ' on the areola, those are supposed to be there; they are called Montgomery glands or areolar skin glands. Their function is partially unknown, but scientists suppose they secrete a liquid that lubricates the nipple/areola area. These Montgomery glands can be about unnoticeable, OR stand out as bumps on the areola. They often become more prominent during pregnancy. Also, it appears they are white in some women. Some women have squeezed them and can get a white substance out, but please do NOT squeeze them because that causes them to become infected. In one study, it was noted that women with more areolar glands had better or more optimal breastfeeding start after delivery. They also noted that the glands were seen in virtually all women in the study but with great interindividual variations; their areolar distribution was nonrandom, and about 1/5 of the women had glands giving off a secretion (this is about women who have just given birth). So hope this bit helps, Ile try doing some more research for you. Good Luck  Our feet change as we age, and the way you position your feet in your shoes change too. My arches in my feet are gone, so I have to wear inserts. You may just need new shoes, as your big toes are taking a beating from the shoes being too small or perhaps you need a wide shoe versus one that is narrow. Just my thoughts on that.  Doesn't mean that you are not pregnant. You might be having a fallopian tube pregnancy, which is very serious. Go see a Ob/Gyn doctor right away for test to confirm. Those home pregnancy tests don't always tell the truth.  that may be the case if you are taking any kind of estrogen supplement, or possibly oral contraceptives. that's my best guess. i'm not too keen on many issues of the female anatomy i apologize.  if you have a sinus infection you're gonna need antibiotics, unless its a fungal sinus infection. then you will need an anti fungal medication. but it could also be sinusitis, in that case it's inflammation from allergies or a viral infection. you should go see a doctor about it. if he thinks you have a sinus infection hes gonna give you the antibiotics or anti fungal prescription. but if its just sinusitis he will probably give you an antihistamine or possibly anti-viral medication. depending on what kind of sinusitis it is. the worst case scenario is probably fungal. I am not a doctor, i just picked up a little bit of information about this. so do not hang on what i tell you. see a professional.  could be your ovaries ...you should go get an xray or whatever your doctor orders just to be safe.  The only way to know for sure is to take a pregnancy test. Good luck!  Please don't post pictures. Besides, it would not be possible to definitively make a diagnosis based solely on your story (did you have poison ivy contact??) and a photo of the rash. The fact that your eyes are puffy and itchy does point to some sort of contact dermatitis. The skin only responds in a few ways, the most common being a "rash", and thousands of things can cause a rash. If you do, indeed, have poison ivy on your man parts and around your eyes, you need more than just an accurate diagnosis. You may greatly benefit from ORAL (prescription) corticosteroids. I know you are not itching (pun intended) to see your medical provider, but this is the only way to get an accurate diagnosis and a definitive treatment regime.  Bellybuttons, like other areas of your skin surface, are very subject to skin infections. Tenderness and redness are signs of infection, so you will need to clean this area carefully with an antibacterial solultion, use a topical antibacterial ointment and cream, and see if it improves. In it does not, you will need to see your medical provider for a proper examination and treatment.  If I can't SEE it....feel this lesion first-hand....I can't identify it. This is why you need to have a proper medical evaluation.  You most definitely should get another urine test /culture. If the lab tests are negative, you may not need another course of antibiotics, but other causes for your symptom array should be medically-explored by your doctor. Before considering "alternative therapies" (whatever you were planning), it is best to be properly diagnosed.  You need to have your arm by a medical provider....and have an x-ray. Symptoms alone are not sufficient to determine if you have a fracture or not.  I don't know...you didn't post the LOCATION of this gland (or lymph node). For genital herpes, this is usually in the groin area.  Very normal. This is most likely ADOLESCENT GYNECOMASTIA (you can find lots of information on this temporary condition from WebMD or a Google search). Tender nipples or getting breast development can be frightening during puberty. While this condition is temporary, it can last for a few years, involve both breasts, and will keep his shirt on for a while. Let him read what you find on the Internet, and assure him that he is not alone. I see this every week in our Adolescent clinic. This is just raging hormones. Males have both male and female hormones, and this is just a response from the female hormone. His male hormones (testosterone) will still be prevalent. Gynecomastia can create very tender breasts, so just bumping in to them or having his peers or sibling tease him can be emotionally painful. Be nice. Don't tease or let anyone else do it either. If he wants to wear a shirt in the swimming pool, let him. If you look around, there are many other teens wearing shirts, too. This is not just to protect their back from sun. They may have some breast development as well.  I don't know.....I can't SEE it or EXAMINE you to be able to offer you a definite answer. It could be a sebaceous cyst, a localized skin infection, or even a reactive preauricular lymph node. You will need to physically see a medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated. Since this lump is painful and tender, I would suggest that you do this as soon as possible.  Not enough information....I have no idea what KIND of cyst, where it is located, etc. Redness and tenderness are signs that this cyst, wherever it is, could be infected and require medical intervention.  No, the penicillin did not cause his gums to bleed. This was just a coincidence, but bleeding gums are a sign of gingivitis, so it may be wise to consult his dentist.  See your medical provider. This may be GOUT.  You cannot carry a tubal pregnancy to term, and while there have been cases where a blotched tubal ligation resulted in a subsequent pregnancy, there are very, very rare. After a tubal ligation, you are most likely permanently sterile. Your tender breasts are likely to be cause by other reasons, so please see your medical provider or gynecologist for a proper examination.  As you know.....I can't see or examine you, and your description is vague. Look up "ganglion cyst" on the Internet -- this is one possibility of many.  I really don't now, since I have no way of seeing this lesion and examining you. A vague description really isn't sufficient to make this important diagnostic call, so I suggest that you see your medical provider or even dentist to have this "bubble" properly identified.  Unless a dentist removed your wisdom teeth, you can still have them, but there can be other reasons to account for your symptoms...such as an abscess or infection, or a reactive lymph node. Please see your medical provider or dentist so that you can be properly examined and diagnosed.  It would not be very likely that you would conceive in this way, but to be safe, just do a few home pregnancy tests and consider this a lesson-learned. This practice is very dangerous sex-play that will eventually lead to intercourse, so be prepared. Don't be in denial that it will not eventually happen. Clearly, you are in an intimate relationship, so go to Student Health and get on an effective contraceptive (pill, Depo, etc.) and make that boyfriend of yours use a condom....even if you both have clothes on. It is always safer to contain those baby-causing sperm on one place. If he can't keep them in his testicles, then he should at least keep them in a condom.  Those symptoms justify a medical visit. They could signal a hormonal problem that may need further investigation.  As much as I would like to address your concerns, I really do not know anything about you....your age, medical history, or even if you are a female (men have breasts, too). More importantly, it would take a thorough examination to determine if this lump is worrisome or not. Although I am sympathetic to your lack of insurance, an examination is really the only way to make this important call. I can tell you that lumps that come and go are more likely to be cysts, especially if the lumps are influenced by your menstrual cycle (again, assuming you are female). Breast cancers do not come and go....sadly, they tend to stay and get bigger over time.  No medical professional could make an accurate assessment/diagnosis based solely on a vague description. Your son needs to have this lump carefully examined by a medical professional. It could be many different things....a sebaceous cyst, a reactive post-occipital lymph node...or ? Please encourage him to do the right thing and have it properly examined and diagnosed.  You need to get a tetnus shot/booster, possibly infection, have a doctor look at it! Should of been cleaned with hydrgen peroxide when it happened. To late now clean with soap and water, then put antibiotic ointment on it, and cover it with clean band aid or bandage and tape. (Gauze and tape)  Sure hope you've gone to a doctor by now. Yes, you should go to a doctor if your system starts to operate differently than it usually does. Hope you are well by now.  Yes it not unusual to have a period while pregnant. I never had that happen to be however i have heard that its not uncommon. I would take a pregnancy test and see what it says and if says u aren't go to the doctor. Is the bleeding like your normal periods?  possible infection of a tooth on that side? or just simply your body actively fighting possible infection somewhere on that side? how do you feel? see any open soars? tooth aches? throat? nose? ear?  you should have finished them as your doctor advised you to. Gargle with warm salt water and even gargle with hydrogen peroxide, if the soars in your mouth do not show improvement I strongly suggest you seek medical attention to avoid further infection you most def. already have and are battling right now.  Here is some information on and that may help explain what's happening, but it's always best to give your gynecologist a call and let him or her know what's happening and get checked out. You can also find lots of great information on our . The WebMD Answers Staff  go to your doctor and have your thyriod checked, because that is what is located under your adams apple.  Have you been tested for herpes simplex? Sometimes if you don't specifically asked for certain test they won't perform them. You also may be experiencing an allergic reaction to the soap you use or you may be allergic to cotton panties or the detergent you use to wash your clothes. It may be something that you may have no idea how to find out if your allergic to, in that case an allergy test is needed. Talk to your OB/GYN.  How much rehab did you do and how active are you? I have had multiple injuries to my knees and have very flat feet, yet i'm very active but have trouble keeping up with muscle imbalance. That all makes it mentally difficult to determine...pain is pain, but it may not be related to your past injuries  Have you been sexually active since stopping your birth control, and if so, did you use another method of contraception? If you haven't been sexually active, you're not pregnant. This sounds like concern, and if your HPTs have been negative, your best bet is to get to a physician and find out what's going on.  Tenderness and soreness can be an indication of any number of dermatological complications. Many of us suffer from dry or itchy skin given the time of year. If the skin cracks it can bleed or become very painful, even though there may be little that's obviously wrong with it. However your symptoms sound pretty far beyond what dry skin can feel like.  Last time this happen to me I was pregnant ! Try a pregnancy test.  It will be better if you see a doctor so you can have a clear understanding about the skin condition that you are in right now. You may also visit http://www.clearclinic.com/ for great ideas on skin care.  I am not a dermatologist but I think for your case, it can be the result of some allergic reaction. It will be better if you speak with a dermatologist about your skin problem. You may also check out http://www.clearclinic.com/ .  SOME PEOPLE NEED BLOOD TEST TO DETIRMINE PREGNANCY BECOUSE THEY ONLY GET FALSE NEGATIVE RESULTS DID YOU WAIT THE EXACT TIME TO READ THE TEST ITS VERY IMPORTANT TO I WOULD GET A BLOOD TEST DONE I HAD 2 TEST BE POSITIVE AT HOME AND 1 NEGATIVE AT A FREE WALK IN CLINIC [I KNEW I WAS PREGNANT [ MY GUTT FEELING] I MADE A APPT W MY DR THE TEST HE GAVE ME WAS TO BE READ AFTER 5 MIN AND IT DID NOT TURN POSSITVE EARLY AT ALL IT WAS AT 5 MIN EXACTLY THE PLUS SIGN SHOWED!! MY DR CALLED THE FREE CLINIC AND ADVISED THEM TO WAIT TO READ RESULTS AND TELL PATIENTS THE RESULTS AFTER THE RIGHT TIME HAS ELASPED. THEY TRIED TO GET ME TO START BIRTH CONTROL THAT DAY [DEPOE SHOT] WICH COULD OF CAUSED ISSUES WITH MY CHILD IT TOOK ME AND MY HUSBAND 13 YEARS TO GET PREGNANT WITH OUR GIRL I WAS 29 YEARS OLD AT THE TIME 13 YEARS AGO SO DONT TAKE THE RISK SEE THE DR.  I would undoubtedly go and see a Psychiatrist (MD) right away. This is not normal and could be signs of something severe, or a few things.  Could it possibly have something to do with your gallbladder? When bad, it has very abnormal effects. Go and see a gastroenterologist. He's the best choice.  Sounds like you could be going through menopause. Either way you should get a check up by your gyno and rule out some things.  It is possible that you have a fracture or break.  Sounds like you are having a gout attack. Can be very painful. And you may even find it red, or a rd strip along or on the toe.  Have you been to the dentist? It could be an abscessed tooth in your upper jaw.  can u also feel a popping and granding? u may have dislocated ur pelivc bone  Possibly a plantar wart. They are tender and painful. Check with your doctor.  Update from original post. Saw ENT, had biopsy done and CT scan. Biopsy was negative for Cancer. Swelling by ear is gone and one in neck is somewhat smaller. The ENT wants me to have the lymph node (neck) removed and biopsied. I'm not in good health, have intractable facial nerve pain from dental procedure (going thru nerve blocks for that) among other conditions. I want to wait on removing the lymph node as none of the tests showed a definitive problem. Need some advice....probably will ask for a second opinion.  My PCP is concerned as no sore throat or ear or obvious signs of infection........and swelling the same after 10 days on antibiotic (clindamycin). Had blood work done, a Chest X-Ray, and an ultrasound of the node by ear and in neck,.....plus a referral to an ENT.  You didn't mention how old you are but when it comes to stress any age is a possibility.Stress can cause you to miss periods but it could be something other than stress.I'd get it checked out.  have they been around anyone new recently. do they have new or sudden fears of people and places they were normally comfortable with?  I would say then it's related somehow to the Sciatic nerve. See a neurologist.  shoes!  my mother in law has that and the dr. says it is vasculitas.   Could be possible of a sign of pregnancy some women have light diacharge during pregnancy. But sometimes is a sign of ur period. Buy a pregnancy test or see a doctor to make sure. Every womens body ia different  If you have had the chicken pox, sounds like it could possibly be shingles. Call your Md and make an appt.  yes because i was  Sounds to me like you are ovulating! I would take a test to make sure, but I bet you are good.  I usually see my period every 30days it always shows up on the 27th of every month,but december last year it did not show up,i got couple of signs that come and go,january 6th this year it showed up,flowed heavily the first and second day the other days it was light,february this year i started having pains in my nipples,frequent discharge thought i was pregnant but on the 16th it came,heavily the first two days and then stopped the 3rd day and came again the 4th day,am seriously have pains on my left lower side of my womb,and also having abdominal pain,please am i pregnant?  I took a HPT and it came back neg. Today is actually day 24 of my cycle and I noticed light pink blood when I wipe. I have a regular cycle of 28 days, and my period comes on time every month. Im not expecting my period until 6/19. Being that I tested neg and that Im bleeding, could this be implantation bleeding or is this my period?  You could be pregnant, but the best advice I can give you is GO SEE YOUR DOCTOR!  I think its an infection so you may need start giving her antibiotic cream (fucidin) but I highly recommend a visit to a dermatologist to ensure that.  If you have any symptoms like a sore on your genitals,   If you have any symptoms like a sore on your genitals, you may undergo laboratory tests to make sure if you have herpes or not.  its possible.only 99% effective.best to take a test just for good measure.  I have not missed my period yet. So I am playing the waiting game now I guess.  It will fall out in a day or two and the pain will go down. If it is really bothering you, you can suck on ice or an ice pop and that should help numb it a bit. The only thing you can do is wait. And DO NOT PULL IT OUT. Seriously. I've done that, it doesn't help, save yourself the extra day of misery and just let it fall out on its own. Source: I get those all the time.  Are you a diabetic? if so you need to be seen by your medical provider immediately as this is a sign there is no blood flow to the area which is common with diabetics. I am a diabetic and was told to examine my feet regularly. even if you are not a diabetic I would get your toe checked out and ask about a diabetes screening too. Hope this answer helps you.  I had that happen several years ago my Doctor diagnosed it as a hernia, they do a wait and see with it if it doesnt go away it is repairable with surgery, so a visit to your medical provider is suggested. hope my answer helps you.  iim sorry to say you have flatworms. most of tpain comes from the rightt side if you know your body real good. Biltricide will clean up the tapeworm problem. i know my whole family went threw this.  Take a hpt, and then follow up with your Gyn.  It could be a variety of things the, test may have been false positive. To be on the safe side i would urge you to see a doctor and explain all symtoms to them. Above all remain calm and dont stress yourself out it will all be ok.  It stays in the whole time. I go see my doctor in the am to find out exactly what's wrong with me I have read that it could be a number of things and not be pregnancy related. I'll post back.  Yes. You should still be tested just to be sure. A pregnancy should be detected asap.  I would buy one of those pregnancy tests and try it. I hope you aren't pregnant, but you need to find out what is going on. Do a pregnancy test, and then go to a doctor. Best wishes for a speedy recovery.  yes  did you find out what the problem was? I am dealing with the same pain...  The test would be conclusive at that time. However, the HIV virus can take some time before being able to show up on a test. Getting tested again wouldn't hurt. Once every 6 months to a year, is ideal, especially if you are continuing to have sex with sex workers. I wouldn't freak out too much yet though. Many things can cause swollen lymph nodes, including a sinus infection.  it doesnt sound too serious. it sounds like an ear infection,my glands swell when i get ear infections. it may not have happened to u before, but u need to remember that it is all connected.  stinging pain in my right big toe only,that comes and goes.What is this?  yes u could go see a doctor to be for sure  I went to school for dental assisting, and what it sounds like is a blood blister. I don't know all your symptoms but that's usually what they look like. They can occur anywhere in the mouth and will eventually go away.  No  I'm not quite sure what the scabs are. But I can say if you go to another foam party, make sure you are well covered up. The foam gets on everyone and goes everywhere. Then spreads. So, (not trying to gross you out but its the truth), imagine that someone is wearing a dress with a thong and has a yeast infection. That infection is now going to travel throughout the rest of the dance floor and whatever it touches, it will infect. So if it touches your eye, you will have a yeast infection in your eye. So you might have caught something while you were at the foam party. But I do recommend that the next time you go to a foam party, take extreme precautions and clean yourself very well the next day (and make sure you are covered up). Hope this helps.  thank you for answering this..i had the same thing happen with my first pregnancy.i spotted/bleed thru the first 6 months and went to the doctor for what I thought was a cold too.i had no symtoms of being pregnant so when the told me I was 6 months along I almost passed out..he became very active after I found out...I was hoping this was happening again, and nothing was wrong..glad to know im not the only one who went thru it..  i do not know the answer. i am trying to figure it out myself.  You could have an ectopic pregnancy which can be life threatening. It takes on the symptoms of early pregnancy. You need to go to an obgyn and have them check for it. It's not fun but it can save your life...or just give you definite answers. There are free clinics like planned parenthood that have well trained doctors if you don't have insurance.  You could have ectopical pregnancy which means you're pregnant outside the uterus, maybe the tubes. Go see your ob/gyn so they will take a blood test to see what's going on.  I too have several bulging discs in my spine. I was injured when I was a teenager, the injury progressed into sciatica and degenerative arthritis, and now I require a cane.  um it was pretty close to a normal one. maybe a day or so shorter. but since then now i havent had my period since then. so idk if its because i have had my period twice in one month or what. but i plan on getting a test if i don't get my period within another week.  Yes....get tested for pregnancy at least to rule it out. When I conceived my children, I felt as though I would start my period but never did, so yes, I was cramping, which I believe is just the Zygote attaching to your uterine wall and is common I believe. At least it was for me.  Sounds to me like you were ovulating on day 11 and 12 and if you had unprotected intercourse and now feeling the symptoms of pregnancy, I'd go get tested. Sounds to me like you just encountered the same situation I did when I conceived my first child. I know the exact date of her conception because of this.  Either you banged it and it is bruised, or there can also be a fungus under the nail. Best thing to do is consult your PCP to be sure. Some fungus medicines effect your liver, therefore it would be wise to consult a physician before you use fungicidal medicine.   I have never heard of the medicine you are on, but everytime I mention or show my doctor a lump in my neck or something, he says it's a lymph node, that possibly I may getting a cold or something. He says that is a sign your body's trying to fight an infection. Hope this helps some.  yes  I have the same problem but i have had back surgery with fusion and cage in back...u? Have not been able to find the cause?...Thought maybe a kidney stone but pain comes and goes!  