No, I think you should have a root canal. Kill the infection, and hopefully save your tooth. You want to have your teeth as long as you possibly can. Living without them isn't much fun. Trust me.  I would suggest you to go for some home remedies before actually going to dentist and taking the treatment. Just take a banana peel and rub it on your teeth after brushing you teeth. This has helped me me to a great extent. You can do it twice a week. Get some more good tips from the link.  I feel that it actually differs from person to person. Normally it should take about a week or two. Read more information regarding it from http://www.mysmilekeeper.com.   There is no need to automatically delay your surgery. Your penicillin was prescribed as a preventative safeguard and in itself should have no impact on your upcoming hip surgery. As a matter of fact, some surgeons begin a preventative infection regimen of antibiotics prior to joint replacement surgery. With that said, it is critical that you report all medications taken prior to and up to the time of surgery to the anesthesiologist and the surgeon. Based upon your particular medical profile, they'll be able to make the best decisions concerning the penicillin treatment and its influence on surgery. Best wishes for a great surgery outcome and recovery.   The best preservative is Saline Solution . If Saline Solution is not available, preserve the knocked out tooth in milk. Other recommendations by dental experts are to pick-up the tooth with a clean handkerchief or napkin, DO Not Wash the Tooth , and take the individual to the dentist as- quickly- as- possible.  The symptoms of Charcot-Marie-Tooth or CMT, start in childhood and include weakness and reduced feelings in the legs and feet. CMT causes difficultly with steps and walking because the affected person cant feel their foot placement. These individuals tend to fall often or appear clumsy because of this condition. Working with a physical therapist helps improve functioning.<?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p> If you suspect the condition, tests and nerve studies can be done. <o:p></o:p>  Craved foods or non-foods = body desperate for missing minerals. Eating craved items fails to get minerals the system needs, increasing use to perceived "addiction". Body "knows" what's needed, seeks what resembles? what's missing. Could be salt, sugar, etc., too. Older cultures ate special clays for this: problem solved! Pregnant mothers sought special clays--probably higher in magnesium to counter eclampsia. Others chose different clays. Many have used Mezotrace or simply kelp snacks, to fix this; either of these have all the minerals in good balance. Even just eating lots of veggies helps. Mezotrace is a fine powder, sprinkles on food, usually at health food stores. Kelp snacks are sold in lots of stores now--tasty! You will most probably stop craving baking soda once your body gets it's needed minerals. Most do; amounts differ per person. One sister literally snowed on her dinner plate with salt; took fresh veggies, lost the salt shaker. get needed nutrients, only that it does, and craves sources of minerals, strongly enough to drive serious cravings. I cannot explain how a body knows what to seek out, just that it does, but often fails to get them due to mans' manipulation of our food sources over time. Various clays have been used for this supplementation, for thousands of years.  The good news is that your son is totally normal. Some babies do not get their first teeth until 15 months, while other babies can even be born with teeth. Typically, the first teeth erupt between 6 and 9 months of age so you should have nothing to worry about.  Generally, we wait until 14 months for the first tooth eruption. After 14 months, I would recommend consulting with a reputable pediatric dentist.  Drinking soda can have many negative impacts on your health, especially with your teeth. Soda contains citric and/or phosphoric acid that can wear down tooth enamel. When tooth enamel wears down, tooth decay, cavities, and teeth staining can occur. Sugar may also contribute to this but the acid alone seems to do most of the damage, so even diet sodas arent immune to this problem. Also, be sure to read nutrition labels for other beverages that you might be consuming like sports and energy drinks because they may also contain the same acids and act in a similar manner. One suggestion that may help would be to drink from a straw positioned towards the back of your mouth so that it can limit contact with your teeth. Its best to at least moderate consumption of these beverages if not refrain from drinking them altogether for these and many other health reasons.  Definitely! In a sinus infection, the tubes which clear fluid from the ears can easily be blocked, giving pain behind the jaw and below the ears. I have had these several times, now, and once the infection actually affected my jaw, itself. Make sure that you get on anti-biotics for the infection, try saline sinus rinses (Neti-pot, or suchlike), an OTC spray called "Alkolol" (an ancient formula, but it works wonders!) Last thing that I learned during my last sinus infection - DO NOT USE DECONGESTANTS!!!  Has a Doctor verified you have an ear infection ? I had HORRIBLE pain in my ear. I went through 5 courses of antibiotics before the decision was made that I should see a Specialist. The problem was not in my ear, the glands in my neck were blocked and were pressing against my ear. I had a huge bulge under my jaw from the infection. I had surgery at MD Anderson Hospital almost a year ago and all is fine.  I would also like to indicate that I only started havin these symptoms, after I looked them and started worrying about. Also just talked to the girl she said she was clean.  That's up to your oral surgeon. As a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAID) medication, Naproxyn can cause bleeding. Some dentists don't want their patients taking a "blood thinner" after an extraction. Other dentists don't seem to care if you do or not. Your oral surgeon should have given you written discharge instructions that explained what you should and should not take for pain after the extraction. If you did not receive such instructions, call the office. In the meantime, you can take acetaminophen (Tylenol), which is not a "blood thinner." (That's assuming you're not allergic to acetaminophen.) Be careful not to exceed the maximum daily dosage of acetaminophen, as doing so can cause severe health consequences. You also can apply ice packs to your face for comfort care. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're suffering with this. Dental pain is the worst! Your best bet for dental problems is to see a dentist. But if you're in pain and have facial swelling or a fever, then an emergency room usually will treat you. If you have a regular dentist, it would be worth calling the regular office number to find out if your dentist offers emergency or after-hours services. Many dentists do. If not, you might check online to see if any dentists in your area offer emergency treatment. I wish you all the best with this!  Light-colored gums can be a sign of several conditions, so you may want to have them checked out by a medical professional. You're right that pale gums can signal anemia. Instead of racing to that conclusion and self-medicating, however, it would be best to get a diagnostic blood test. Usually, an infection in the gums is signaled by angry, red tissue instead of pale tissue. Also, an infection usually would be localized to the immediate area. It wouldn't affect the entirety of your gums. It's also possible that your gums aren't that pale, at all. Your new focus on your wisdom tooth coming in may have led you to examine your gums more frequently. They may always have been pale but you didn't notice it until you started looking at them recently. At any rate, your best bet is to see a dentist or health care provider if your pale gums are bothering you. Take care!  I'm sorry to hear your husband's going through this. It sure doesn't sound like much fun! Obviously I'm not a dentist, so my experience with dental issues is somewhat limited. I do think it would be odd not to treat a bona fide (which is an infection) with antibiotics, but maybe this is a legitimate dental protocol. I really don't know for sure. If I were in your shoes, I would take my husband's temperature every four hours with a thermometer (none of this hand-to-the-forehead stuff or "you look feverish"). Get a good thermometer and take his temperature. If he's running a fever, it's time for a trip to urgent care. Fever often is a sign of infection. For the bleeding, one thing your husband can try is biting down firmly (but not real, real hard) on a damp teabag (or damp gauze) for about 5 minutes. Then gently remove it and see if the major bleeding has stopped. If not, try with a fresh tea bag. A clot should form in the socket where the tooth was removed. If this doesn't happen, a painful condition called " " can occur. Extracting a wisdom tooth can be very painful. If the dentist did not prescribe a pain reliever, your husband's in a tough spot. If he's been taking ibuprofen (Motrin) or aspirin, this could be why he's still bleeding. He could take acetaminophen (Tylenol) if he's not allergic to it. This might help control the pain. In any case, if you have serious concerns about the situation, either call the dentist or go to urgent care. Wishing you well!  It's certainly possible you have . However, the fact you see "black holes" seems to indicate you have intact blood clots. On the other hand the bad taste you describe is consistent with a dry socket. However, having such severe pain 6 days after wisdom tooth extraction seems unusual. I'd suggest you call your dentist to find out if this is normal. He or she may "work you in" with an appointment to take a peek and make sure you aren't having any complications. Feel better soon!  Sadly, I can't answer your question. You'll have to keep in close contact with her medical providers for that. But I did want to extend my thoughts to and your family (and especially your sister!) at this difficult time. I wish you all the best and hope for a positive outcome.  Sorry you're going through this. Dental pain can be very uncomfortable! Obviously, I can't diagnose this by internet. I can tell you what you're describing sounds like it could possibly be an . The only way to find out what's going on and get treatment is to see a dentist. While some emergency rooms will see patients with dental problems, your best bet is to call your regular dentist (or an emergency dental provider) to have this looked at. The pain will not get better until this is treated, so I'd suggest you phone a dentist as soon as possible. Best wishes to you!  I'm so sorry you're going through this. Back pain isn't fun, and it's nothing to fool around with. When a Marine (or former Marine) tell me he has barely controlled back pain, this tells me he needs to see a doctor. Many back conditions could cause the symptoms you're describing, from a displaced disk to a cracked vertebra. The only way to find out for sure what's going on is to get a physical examination and some testing (like X-rays or MRI) done. Back problems rarely get better on their own, so the sooner you get this treated, the better. I wish you all the best with this!  Well, no, that's certainly not a normal reaction to receiving a . However, it's possible the two events are unrelated. Regardless, if the numbness and twitching don't clear up on their own after a few days, this is worth getting checked out by a medical professional. A number of conditions can cause the symptoms you describe. A health care provider can diagnose the problem and get you appropriate treatment. You might consider putting in a call to your primary health care provider for an appointment now, because you can always cancel it later if the symptoms go away. Unless you're exhibiting (which would not include muscle twitches), this probably isn't an emergency situation. Hope this helps!  Oh, ouch! That sounds painful! For those who don't know, the frenulum linguae (sometimes called the lingual frenulum) is that piece of sail-like tissue that attaches the tongue to the floor of the mouth. You're wise to be concerned about infection. The main sign you should watch for is a fever over 101F, along with generally feeling crappy -- as if you might be coming down with the flu. Those would both be indications to seek medication attention. In the meantime, you might try gently rinsing with antiseptic mouthwash a couple of times a day (don't go overboard with this, as that could be counterproductive). You can continue to brush your teeth, but spit gently. The good news is your tongue (and mouth, in general) tend to heal quickly. You probably will be all healed up within a couple of weeks, tops. If your frenulum linguae doesn't heal or if it gets swollen, angry, and red, then I'd suggest you see a doctor. Chances are you won't have to resort to that, though. Hope this helps!  Hm. Maybe. Usually, an will cause painful swelling, redness, and perhaps a visible pus pocket around the base of the tooth (in the gum). Often, if you tap on an abscessed tooth, it will cause a shock-type pain. Abscessed teeth also are often very sensitive to cold and heat. also can arise in the gums. In fact, oral cancers can arise anywhere within the mouth. People who chew tobacco are at higher risk of developing an oral cancer that may mimic some of the symptoms of an abscessed tooth. In general, an oral cancer may present as a sore in your mouth that doesn't heal, a thickening of a small portion of the gums, or white or red patches on the gums. If you're having oral pain or other symptoms, I'd suggest you see a dentist. Whether the pain is caused by an abscessed tooth or by an oral cancer, they both need to be treated. Neither will clear up on its own. Wishing you all the best!  Rather than a doctor, I'd recommend you try a dentist. While emergency rooms generally will treat a dental problem, most doctors defer to dentists for all things tooth-related. And your issues sound tooth-related. If there is an infection developing, your dentist either will treat it or will refer you for medical treatment. It's possible for a dental infection to cause ear pain, facial swelling, and the other symptoms you describe. So...off to the emergency dental center for you! Or call your regular dentist, explain the situation, and try to get in today. If they can't see you, ask them to recommend an alternative provider. Dental infections are nothing to mess around with. Feel better soon!  I had a bump on my gums on top of my front tooth.I went to the dentist and I had an abscessed tooth ( tooth infection) The dentist pricked it and yellow gunk came out and it smelled bad. After that I had a root canal.Mine didn't hurt and the bump was really soft (It may be a cyst) I say go to dentist for x-rays. You should get tea tree oil mouthwash just to keep your mouth clean until you see a dentist.  I've found out it is called awake bruxism  Onset of symptoms of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) usually occurs in adolescence or early adulthood; however, it may happen in mid-adulthood. The severity of symptoms differs in different patients and some people may never realize they have the disorder. Progression of symptoms is very gradual. CMT is not fatal and people with most forms of CMT have a normal life expectancy.  Both Vicodin and clindamycin have side effects like upset stomach, nausea, and vomiting, but not heartburn. These medications currently do not have any known drug interactions with Zantac 150 (ranitidine) or Tums. He should be fine taking all these products together. However, watch his symptoms. If symptoms worsen, you may want to seek medical advice to make sure he doesnt have another condition.  Yes 100% true i am already sufferd by this experiment  Im sorry hear that but what it sounds like is a common wart... all you have to do is dig it out again n i know it sounds weird but throw some duck tape over it and make sure there is no oxygen getting to it eventually it'll die out and no more wart... Bamm  Sinus problems can definitely make your teeth hurt. It has been known for someone to go to a dentist complaining of a toothach only to find it isn't even their tooth or teeth, it's a sinus infection.  While a crowned tooth does not require any special care, remember that simply because a tooth is crowned does not mean the underlying tooth is protected from decay or gum disease. Therefore, continue to follow good oral hygiene practices, including brushing your teeth at least twice a day and flossing once a day-especially around the crown area where the gum meets the tooth. Antibacterial mouth rinse can also help.  Preparing a tooth for a crown usually requires two visits to the dentist -- the first step involves examining and preparing the tooth, the second visit involves placement of the permanent crown. First Visit: Examining and preparing the tooth. At the first visit in preparation for a crown, your dentist may take a few X-rays to check the roots of the tooth receiving the crown and surrounding bone. If the tooth has extensive decay or if there is a risk of infection or injury to the tooth's pulp, a root canal treatment may first be performed. Before the process of making your crown is begun, your dentist will anesthetize (numb) your tooth and the gum tissue around the tooth. Next, the tooth receiving the crown is filed down along the chewing surface and sides to make room for the crown. The amount removed depends on the type of crown used (for instance, all-metal crowns are thinner, requiring less tooth structure removal than all-porcelain or porcelain-fused-to-metal ones). If, on the other hand, a large area of the tooth is missing (due to decay or damage), your dentist will use filling material to "build up" the tooth to support the crown. After reshaping the tooth, your dentist will use impression paste or putty to make an impression of the tooth to receive the crown. Impressions of the teeth above and below the tooth to receive the dental crown will also be made to make sure that the crown will not affect your bite. The impressions are sent to a dental laboratory where the crown will be manufactured. The crown is usually returned to your dentist's office in 2 to 3 weeks. If your crown is made of porcelain, your dentist will also select the shade that most closely matches the color of the neighboring teeth. During this first office visit your dentist will make a temporary crown to cover and protect the prepared tooth while the crown is being made. Temporary crowns usually are made of acrylic and are held in place using a temporary cement. Second Visit: Receiving the permanent dental crown. At your second visit, your dentist will remove your temporary crown and check the fit and color of the permanent crown. If everything is acceptable, a local anesthetic will be used to numb the tooth and the new crown is permanently cemented in place.  Some infants are born with one or more teeth (called natal teeth) or may have teeth emerge within the first 30 days of life (called neonatal teeth). These usually are either extra teeth or are remnants from neonatal development that do not need treatment. If they are, however, actual teeth, it's a good idea to maintain them. Your doctor, however, may recommend removing them if the teeth are loose and pose a danger of being inhaled by your baby. Early teeth may also interfere with feeding or irritate your baby's tongue. Talk to your doctor to see what treatment is right for your baby.  Dry sockets are usually caused by sucking on straws or something of that nature. I have had friends come back to school as early as 2 days later. I would wait until the anesthesia is completely worn off and the pain is well under control. But remember that the mouth is the fastest healing place on the body! So you should be feeling better soon  Are they just starting to come in? When teeth are coming in they can cause ear pain and it's possible to even get an ear infection, I suffered from the same problem as a child.  My sister had to take the same thing for a surgery and her doctor told us to only give her the prescription and nothing with it.  I would have your mouth looked at as soon as possible by a dentist. There is a possibility that you could also have an infection due to the burn.  This is a great question as patients seek alternatives to medications and health care. Drug supplements are not regulated by the FDA like prescription and over-the-counter medications, which have to prove their safety and efficacy. I generally do not recommend supplements because they are risky. If you have a tooth problem and do not have insurance, I recommend you check out the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) web site for federally funded health centers near you: http://findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov. These health centers exist in urban and rural settings and provide medical care, preventative care, and dental care and prescription drugs for folks without insurance. Payment is based on your income and what you can afford.  I am not a doctor, however, I would like to share my experience with lemon juice and stomach bugs. I have been using lemon juice to prevent the stomach bug for several years now. We have NEVER caught the stomach bug while using fresh squeezed lemon juice. I will share our regimen; once exposed we drink an ounce of fresh lemon juice twice a day for TEN days. We make it into lemonade for our kids. One of my daughters decided she didn't want lemon juice on day 5 and by that evening she was sick. The rest of us started over again and drank lemonade for another 10 days and we were fine. Since this one incident my kids never ever stop drinking their lemonade, in fact, they remind me to get it for them. It has been 100 percent effective for us!  One thing of concern, especially the lower extraction sites, would be acquiring a dry socket. This is when the blood clot (part of the healing process) can become dislodged. Can be caused by sucking liquids through a straw, smoking. Can be very painful, but can be remedied by going back to dentist or oral surgeon and having what is called gel-foam usually coated with a substance called eugenol placed in socket. This usually takes care of pain and promotes healing.  There are ways of getting free or low-cost dental care.  There are a few ways you can look into getting your dental needs taken care of at a lower cost.  You are entitled to appeal decisions whenever a claim for benefits is denied by Medicaid. I suggest you contact your local Medicaid office for details about how to do so. You can find the contact information at Medicaid.gov. Here's a link to the site and page you'll need: http://www.medicaid.gov/Medicaid-CHIP-Program-Information/By-State/By-State.html  I'm pretty sure they recommend you wait at least 24 hours although it would be optimum to quit :) sometimes that is a little harder said than done. I was lucky to make it one hour when I smoked lol  You should go ahead and see your dentist who can examine the area and evaluate whether an intervention is needed.  Home Remedies for whitening teeth 1.Make a paste by mixing 2 teaspoons of hydrogen peroxide 2 teaspoons of baking soda. Place the mixture in a small bowl. The thickness of the paste should be consistent as the typical thickness of toothpaste. For a beter taste, add a bit of mint or just a scoop of toothpaste can be combined with the home-made paste for whitening teeth. the potassium in bananas help whiten your teeth too.  No sweetie it is not normal and I would say that you need to go see a different dientest because apparently she doesn't know what she's talking about  Yes, he can take ibuprofen for short-term pain while taking lisinopril and HCTZ. There are no significant interactions with this combination. The only concern would be that, in the first few days after surgery, some doctors suggest avoiding ibuprofen because of its potential to cause bleeding. But after the first day or two, it is usually fine. Talk to your dentist if you have concerns.  Facial and jaw pain is common in FM. Several structures including the head (scalp and brain), neck, TMJ, and facial/jaw muscles all have nerve branches to the face that can lead to pain, numbness, and altered sensations (called dysesthesias). If the pain comes and goes in relationship to another area of pain, i.e. TMJ, jaw, neck, then it may be referred pain from myospasms or TM joint, etc. If it comes spontaneously and feels like shocks or stabs, then it could be more neuralgia-mediated, like trigeminal neuralgia. Rarely in someone with FM, a different cause such as MS, Bell's palsy, acoustic neuroma, or even a viral infection (cold) can cause face and jaw pain. But these other conditions are usually evident by additional symptoms or a different clinical course that your doctor can determine by evaluating you. I try various treatments on my patients with facial pain including meds that block nerve pain (i.e. anti-seizure meds, SNRIs [serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors], tricyclics) and topicals with helpful meds (patches, compounded cream). Therapies including TNS trail, or injections, or bite splints or other treatments can be tried depending on the individual's cause of pain. As usual, I can't provide specific advice for anyone here but I encourage you to work together with your doctor for your symptoms.  If you are careful not to swallow it, and rinse well afterwards, it shouldn't count as sodium intake. Check with your dentist on how frequently you should be doing this.  The best thing to do is have her see her pediatrician. It could be her teeth or another issue like reflux or oral/motor problems. Short-term decreases in food intake are usually not a problem but if it's causing her food intake to decrease permanently (or causing food aversions), you need to take action. Two year olds cannot always communicate what exactly is going on with them. Good luck!  Yes  After a tooth has been removed, a blood clot forms in the area. This protects the bone and nerves and helps the area to heal. If the blood clot becomes dislodged, a very painful condition called a dry socket can occur. This is more likely to occur if you smoke, suck on a straw (or other device), or take certain medications. If your mouth has been feeling better every day, and then suddenly starts to become worse, you need to see your dentist right away. Here is the link to a WebMD article that goes into more detail about dry sockets. . As a doctor, I am much more concerned about your drinking and smoking habits. I urge you to talk with your healthcare provider and get on a more healthy path.  You should seek immediate emergency help with any symptoms of upper back or chest pain. Call 911 now .  You need to see your doctor right away if you are having trouble swallowing your food. There can be many possible causes for trouble swallowing. Some can be very serious. Here are a few of the things that can cause difficulty swallowing: 	The esophagus (the tube that runs from your mouth to your stomach) may be partially blocked by a tumor or web. It may also be narrow due to severe reflux. 	A swelling in a surrounding area, such as the thyroid or lymph node, may be pressing in on the esophagus. 	There could be a problem with the nerves or muscles that are involved in swallowing 	Poor teeth can be preventing food from being properly chewed 	Diseases such as diabetes or scleroderma may prevent the esophagus from moving the food along WebMD has a very good article on Difficulty Swallowing that can give you some more information. But do call your doctor now and make an appointment to have this checked out.  If it feels like there is something caught in your throat right now, you need to get emergency medical help right away.  No, diabetic neuropathy typically affects the toes first, then gradually affects the foot, ankle, then shins, etc. It has to do with the nerves in the legs being the longest, and therefore receiving the greatest cumulative effect of lost nerve conduction caused by chronically elevated blood sugar levels. The sensitivity in the nerve of the tooth usually indicates a dental problem so a dentist is the one to see about it. People with diabetes are at increased risk for dental problems, mostly because of the negative effect of chronically elevated blood sugar levels on the immunity. The white blood cell response to oral bacteria is weakened by the high blood sugar, and dental infections become more likely.  Teeth grinding, or what we call bruxism can have multiple effects. So, number one, it can increase jaw pain. And we know that pain can affect your ability to fall asleep quite significantly. It can also cause tooth damage. So if you see those or youre concerned about that, you should talk with your dentist immediately. What can be done. Usually you can use a night guard. Theres some pretty fancy night guards out there that cost hundreds and hundreds of dollars. Quite honestly, if you go to a sporting goods shop and you get one of those boil and bites, youll be fine. Whats a boil and bite? A boil and bite is a plastic piece that you drop into a pot of boiling water and then you put it into your mouth and it will mold to your teeth, and then you can sleep with it. And usually you can see them, football players use them, soccer players use them, and people like that.  No, those are two different antibiotics. Zosyn is a combination of two medications -- the antibiotic piperacillin and the medication tazobactam, which helps the antibiotic work better and lessen the likelihood that the bacteria is resistant to the antibiotic. Clindamycin is a completely different antibiotic. Zosyn is given in the vein whereas clindamycin can be taken as a pill (also can be given in the vein). Both antibiotics could be helpful in treating a tooth abscess depending on the bacteria causing the abscess.  This is very normal. There are lots of nerves associated with the teeth and mouth, so swelling and pain is to be expected.  Absolutely not! You must take your anti-biotics to rid yourself of the Sinus Infection before having ANY work done on your mouth. It is even suggested by MY dentist, that I take 2, 300mg of Clindamycin before all my visits. I hope that helps answer your question. Missnsnow  You may be holding the smoke in too long. I have done this before, and will get pounding headaches.  Hi If you have a free ER go there, its about all you can do, or find a dentist who gives credit? Good Luck  Hi My first question would be do you get the same from salt water? if not juts add some sea salt (two handfuls) to a bath and use that daily. If not I have read the you can get a special filter for showers that may help you, I think it was GE, they last around 6 months. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi My first question would be do you get the same from salt water? if not juts add some sea salt (two handfuls) to a bath and use that daily. If not I have read the you can get a special filter for showers that may help you, I think it was GE, they last around 6 months. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So you have done 5 days, ten your on your way to given it completely, its time to do the right thing, I did it 17 years ago, its worked for me, as they say never put off what you can do today till tomorrow, just think from now on your between cigs that's the way I have done it. So if I told you it will take even longer to heal if you smoke, would that help. Just give your mouth some time. good Luck  Hi, Many drugs, both prescription and illegal, can cause tooth damage. Estimates suggest that about 40 per cent of people take at least one type of medicine that could damage their teeth. Excessive fluoride can damage children's teeth. Antihistamines, aspirin, asthma medications and syrups may cause tooth damage. Illegal drugs including cocaine, crack, ecstasy, heroin and methamphetamines can damage teeth. So yes they can. Good Luck  Hi IP, All I can say is it worked for me, just had to change it twice, but mine did go away in about 5 hours. Is that any help. Good Luck  Hi Why take an HPT on a period? you take an HPT on the first day of a missed period, unless you do think your pregnant, but why on a period? Good Luck  Hi Yes, you best get to a dentist ASP, other wise you not going to have a very good weekend, he will either drain it yank it out or just put you on antibiotics to clear it up, then have you back to work on it. Good Luck  Hi Yes but if your going to eat yogurt, make it Greek natural yogurt or Greek nonfat yogurt. these are the best for you , not just anything that has the word yogurt on it and full of fake fruit. Good Luck  Hi Try this if you have some charcoal, empty a tea bag, put in some crushed charcoal, and on the out put some drops of clove oil, put this on the gum under the tooth, lie down and just relax, the throbbing should just fad away. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I think your find that you may have a abscess, under one of you teeth, they leak and it tastes horrid. See your dentist. Good Luck  Hi Then its either back to your dentist or do a trip to the ER. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link, it should help you understand things, and what you should do. http://www.halton.ca/cms/one.aspx?pageId=10218#Q6 Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Good Luck  Hi Yes, get the buggers yank out, an 11 year old does not need a root canal. Just like you said they will soon fall out. Good Luck  Hi Personal preference. For me its the first thing I do each morning, my wife its after breakfast, some people wash there teeth after each meal and again just before bed, its a personal thing. Good Luck  Hi you could try ground charcoal in a empty tea bag with oil of cloths on it, and you just keep on the gum, work on an abscess for me, along with some pain killers. The tip was courtesy of eartclinic.com. Good Luck  Hi Try seeing a psychologist, for some treatment, could work wonders for you. Good Luck  Hi Being from the UK we use both terms, but your find dentures would be the posh word for false teeth, depends where you lived and how you was brought up. Get the picture. Good Luck  Hi Have the one that needs a crown pulled, and the rest filled. The cost of a crown for a first tooth would not be worth it, as it could be out in 6 months. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Having sex after that, cant think of a better way of taking your mind off it. Having sex will release endorphins, and these will make you feel better. Good Luck  Hi Well you have not said how long ago this happened, But it would be best if you go to an STD/GUM Clinic, the staff will be very helpful, ask for advice and when you should test. Your be in good hands. Good Luck  Hi Well a wisdom tooth is a big one, did he not put a couple of stitch's in it, this helps it seal over, and this would have stopped the bleeding. Was you not told to salt water wash it twice daily, its a great way to help cleaning and healing bleeding gums. Look if there still bleeding, give the salt a try and give up the antibiotics, to much is not good for you, get on some acidophilus, this will put some good bugs back in your stomach. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Do you know if you grind your teeth during the night, all your symptoms look as though they point to that problem. How do I know, I do the very same thing, if your under stress or having any problems, that's how you do it, its down to troubled sleeping. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi And the reason for you having all these teeth pulled was what? Perhaps drinking sodas all your life, did this not perhaps light a light in your brain, to why you have had all your teeth out. I have a grandson he's 20, and like you has had all his teeth pulled out, all because of sugary drinks. So how old are you, was yours the same problem, just think what there doing to the rest of your body. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read of this from earth clinic, there is some very sound info and why antibiotics are not working now. The link, http://www.earthclinic.com/CURES/c-diff.html Just copy link into google to open and read Your also find this very interesting, all on your p[roblem. The link, http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2011/08/natural_defense_against_c_diff.html Just copy link into google to open and read. Do hope you find some help. Good Luck  Hi As long as he tells the dentist before he goes, it would then be up to the dentist to say yes or no. I would rind way ahead of his appointment no just an hour before. Good Luck  Hi Nothing, don't worry it will pass, so now you have the choice? you either get to the dentist and pay out for a whole new one, or next time you need to go, take a plate and have a sort around, its will clean up. But just don't tell anybody. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, This medicine is not known to cause any problems during pregnancy or while breast-feeding. However, as with all medicines, you should seek medical advice from your doctor before using this medicine if you are pregnant or breast-feeding. Good Luck  I had a similar problem. Gingivitis was partly the cause and my jaw bone has been getting "thinner" for several years so a dental surgeon was consulted and he took care of my problem.  yes  That is a question that only your dentist can answer. Waiting a year being toothless is not something that anyone would want to do. I really have no idea if you can wait a year.....some medical and dental problems precede our insurance. You couldn't wait a year with appendicitis, so you may not be able to wait a year before you have the proper insurance.  If your doctor was not able to find a reason for your ear pain and hearing changes, then you need to see an ENT specialist for a higher-level examination. TMJ and bruxism (grinding the teeth) doesn't cause hearing loss, but it can cause ear pain. Many dentists now specialize in TMJ disorders, so finding one would be quite helpful in tracking down the reasons. Ear pain can be caused by infection or referred pain from other head and neck areas, like your throat, lymph nodes, salivary glands, cervical spine, tonsils (if you have them), sinuses, and nerve disorders.Just because one doctor could not find a cause, does not mean a second medical provider, like an ENT, will have the same conclusion.  Stay on those antibiotics, and keep using the Nasonex. Hot or warm facial compresses (20 minutes at a time) can help, as well as staying very well hydrated. No one really wants sinus surgery, but sometimes, that is the only or last resort. Hang in there, your doctor is doing the best that he can to avoid the operating room by keeping on you an extended course of antibiotics.  Maybe it is your broken tooth...or a piece of animal bone (can happen with ground meat). No...you will not get HIV from this burger.  No, they will not grow back. You do need to see a dentist, however, to determine why you are having those symptoms.  No, but it may not do any good either. Get in to see your dentist ASAP. Many will prescribe an antibiotic for you (one that isn't expired) pending your appointment.  Because of the nerve pathways, a problem in the third molars can definitely cause referrred ear PAIN, but not necessarily an ear infection .  Not all colds are the same, and each person responds to them differently. I do not know your medical history or the type of anesthesia your dentist is planning to use, so these decisions are made on an individual basis....by the dentist. Generally, it is safe to undergo dental procedures with a cold, but the dentist will need to make that call.  She can see her dentist and find out why she has a "very bad tooth", and get it fixed. Dentists must be informed that she is pregnant (and anemic) and they will take the appropriate precautions depending on what needs to be done.  Rocephin is very appropriate for cellulitis, but may need more than just one injection. We often give one injection a day for three days, depending on the severity of the cellulitis and response, and yes....it is very important to remain on oral antibiotics for a period of time until the cellulitis has resolved. Penicillin is only one of the many choices that can be used.  Maybe. If the tooth did not penetrate through the skin of the outside or the vermillion border (the pinkish part of the outer lip that meets the skin) has not been disrupted, there may be little that can be done. Most minor injuries of the mucosa side of the lip will quickly heal. I assume the tooth is fine. Laceration repairs should be done within 8 hours of the injury, so make your decision relatively quickly. If you are having any doubts whether he will need a stitch or two, take your son to an urgent care facility for a hands-on evaluation. Since I am unable to see the injury, I can only offer you this general advice.  You should wait at least 60 or 70 more years before you consider smoking again.... Specific recommendations regarding smoking after a tooth extraction should ONLY come from the oral surgeon that did the work. Those sutures are most likely the dissolvable type and it can take weeks for them to dissolve. Call your oral surgeon and serious consider permanent smoking cessation.  No, drinking lemon juice will NOT prevent a stomach virus. The citric acid on lemons can damage teeth if you eat them excessively, but in moderation....you are not likely to have a problem. Lemons are high in vitamin C but many scientific studies have not proven that vitamin C prevents colds or viral infections.  You may need to see TWO professionals: a dentist and your primary care medical provider (if this ends up not being a dental problem....unlikely). See the dentist first.  No. Use the toothpaste in your mouth, not on your acne. There are much better treatments for acne.  Yes. This is called "referred ear pain". Because of the nerve pathway, a dental problem can cause pain to be felt in the ear.  There is no way to calculate an individual's HIV risk from just one encounter, but you did have some very risky sex....unprotected, open wound on penis, bleeding female partner, and someone who's sexual history is unknown. I would strongly suggest that you see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, and have STD testing, especially for HIV.  The dentist will either put you on oral antibiotics (before, preferably) or after the procedure (or both). In a worse-case scenario, the dentist may postpone the procedure until the infection has resolved. You will need to discuss this with your dentist, since every dentist will practice differently and make their own clinical judgments.  You may want to start with your medical provider, so that you can be treated if there is a ear-related problem, however, seeing a dentist first would be okay too. Dental and jaw issues, like TMJ disorders, can cause pain to be "referred" to the ear.  No...I don't think you can "heal" are hole in your tooth by supplements and oils. I am not sure what you are reading, but I would question the validity of those claims.  No...amoxicillin will not interfere with a drug screening test.  Having high blood pressure should not be a contraindication for routine dental cleaning, so you would really have to ask your dentist for his/her rationale. If you do have high blood pressure and it is not being effectively controlled, you should definitely see your medical provider.  As you know, I have know way of seeing this dark spot and a vague description is not that helpful. You deserve a definitive answer, so I would suggest that you have your dentist render a hands-on opinion.  Cures cavities? I would seriously question the validity of this assumption. I can't imagine that coconut fat would cure anything. Stick with toothpaste and a dentist.  Yes, an infected tooth (especially the molars) can cause a muscle-tension type headache. That does not imply, however, that the cause of YOUR headache is a dental source -- there are many causes and types of headaches. You would need to consult your medical provider (or dentist) to make that association.  I would not recommend it. She still needs the micronutrients for growth and brain development that is only found in formula. Talk to your pediatrician and get several different samples of formula and I think you may find one that is more palatable to her. She is eating more solids now, so the amount of formula she will be drinking will be less and less over the next four months. As you get closer to age one, you can change to whole milk.  Albuterol is really safe for long-term use and should not be causing brittle teeth or emotional problems years later.  Based on what you have shared, this does not seem to meet the criteria of a emergency. ER care is very expensive and a child with gum problems would not likely be seen promptly, since the more critical cases will be seen first. Since she is apparently not in pain (you didn't mention this), I think you will wait until tomorrow, but of course, the choice is yours. She really needs to see a dentist, and most will see a child the same day if they can, or at least refer you to a dental facility that will.  There are PLENTY of other effective antibiotics, like erythromycin or the cephalosporins (some penicillin allergic people may have a cross-over allergy to this class, however). He needs to be under the care of a good dentist NOW. Let the dentist determine the type of treatment and antibiotics. If he has an abscess, he needs more than just a prescription for a non-penicillin based antibiotic. Dental infections, like you are describing, need immediate and definitive care.  You are not describing herpes, and yes, these very painful ulcers can involve your tonsils. A white spot may simply be a tonsillith (tonsil stone), a common accumulation of food and other debris that can get trapped in little holes on your tonsillar surface. Since I can't see it, this is only a guess.  There is a risk of contracting a sexually-transmitted disease through unprotected oral sex. Herpes, Chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis, HIV, hepatitis, and a few others are possible. Ejaculation is not required to acquire an STD...just a penis without a condom is all that it takes. I have no way of calculating your risk, but if your oral partner has been with a lot of guys, you sort of just had sex with all of them. I am glad that her teeth and lips were fine, but you need to do more than just a dental exam. You need to be more selective with your partners, and practice safer sex. That way, you will not have to worry. The bottom line: You may have been exposed to an STD. If you are having any signs or symptoms of any of these STDs (you need to do some homework), then you will need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined and tested. Condoms are so much more inexpensive than medical visits, diagnostic tests, and sleepless nights filled with worry. They are inexpensive, readily available, and they fit in your wallet. Use 'em next time and from now on.  Unless a dentist removed your wisdom teeth, you can still have them, but there can be other reasons to account for your symptoms...such as an abscess or infection, or a reactive lymph node. Please see your medical provider or dentist so that you can be properly examined and diagnosed.  Maybe, but that would depend on the abscess. It is always best not to self-treat, and to allow your dentist to specific prescribe the antibiotic that he/she feels would be the most effect for your particular abscess.  No. Your dental caries is not likely due to yeast, so you did not cause it.  The terrible thing is that you may or may not need ANY antibiotics. Most viral infections are viruses and do not require antibiotics. A few are Strep, but making a "self-diagnosis" based solely on symptoms is not much better than a coin toss. Some viral sore throats are mono (mononucleosis). I can't blindly diagnose you over the Internet and you may or may not have the skills to accurately diagnose yourself, so my recommendation is for you to be TESTED for Strep at student health....a simple, rapid test, If you do have it, then the amoxicillin may be appropriate (assuming you have the proper dose....you didn't share that information) for your weight and severity of infection.  Hundreds of things can cause vertigo. Depending on the severity of the dental infection, this is on that very extensive list.  Yes. Because of nerve pathways, pain in those third molars can definitely be referred to the ears.  I guess that would be neurologically possible, but I can't say this would be a common response to a cold. Because of nerve pathways and the tendency for upper respiratory viral infections to cause inflammation in the nose, throat, sinuses, and lungs, one might feel responses in the teeth. For instance, pain in the molar area can be felt in the ears; pain and pressure in the sinuses can be felt in the upper teeth.  Maybe...but that depends on the "bug" causing the dental infection, and the underlying cause of the dental infection. If you are self-treating with an old prescription, I would not recommend it unless you consult your dentist.  If the ENTs are not helping, you can ask your dentist for a referral to an ORAL SURGEON.  You may have a few days of mouth discomfort, but your dentist will provide you with some pain medication. You may need to alter your diet a bit (assuming you are hungry), but as far as complications are concerned, this would be unlikely....assuming you are healthy.  You just have a very strong and reactive gag response. There is really little that can be done to change this other than limiting the amount of toothpaste (and those bubbles) in your mouth when you are brushing.  Yes....as a matter of fact, my wife just had dental work today and she is on Advil and amoxicillin. They are compatible.  A low hemoglobin can adversely affect the teeth, but I would have no idea if your husband's severe anemia is the sole cause of his dental problems.I certainly home his doctors find the underlying cause soon.  Not good....the dentist will need to eventually remove this broken tooth remnant.  Anything is possible, so it would be good to see your dentist to make sure you do not have some peridontal issues (your gums may not be holding your teeth well do to various reasons). It may not be the toothbrush itself, since they tend to be safe.  I used have that after my teeth whiting for about 1mth but my sensitivity is still here after a year do not whiten teeth not worth the pain it's like needles going into every tooth I would cry with pain  It is used for some kinds of bacterial infections. Here is some good information on the medication: http://www.webmd.com/drugs/drug-13718-clindamycin+palmitate+HCl+oral.aspx?drugid=13718&drugname=clindamycin+palmitate+HCl+oral&source=1 Make sure you read the warnings section too, and consult a doctor if at all possible. Ultimately, the tooth problem has to be fixed so the abcess doesn't come back and get worse.  To help ease the pain untill next month use orajel on the tooth or if you prefer natural use clove oil which contains properties that will help ease the pain.  I've had the same thing happen. By any chance were there cracks in the tooth being extracted? I had to have some teeth extracted due to severe breakage of my teeth; the teeth had fillings and some had had root-canals, posts, and crowns. All such materials leave a nasty taste in many people's mouths awhile after extraction. Add to that the fact that blood itself has a metallic, more coppery taste. If it doesn't improve in another month, consult your dentist again.   	 	 	 	 	<!-- 		@page { margin: 2cm } 		P { margin-bottom: 0.21cm; direction: ltr; color: #000000; widows: 0; orphans: 0 } 		P.western { font-family: "Liberation Serif", "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 12pt; so-language: en-US } 		P.cjk { font-family: "WenQuanYi Micro Hei"; font-size: 12pt; so-language: zh-CN } 		P.ctl { font-family: "Lohit Hindi"; font-size: 12pt; so-language: hi-IN } 		A:link { so-language: zxx } 	--> 	 In a day, if we do brush our teeth 2-3 times then it will be good for our teeth. we will never face teeth problems like yellow teeth, gums and cavity etc.but don't do brush tightly, Do brush softly. by this we will not face problem like swelling and pain around the teeth.  All of the symptoms you are experiencing are signs of infection and are a real emergency that can get worse. I would get to a dentist as soon as possible. These types of infections can be quite painful and end up with a hospitalization or worse.  The pain from the tooth needing the root canal will only get worse. If there is an infection it will get worse and could be very dangerous. There are always treatment options. Extraction is an option but replacement of that tooth with a bridge or an implant later on could ultimately be more expensive. I suggest calling your local dental society for some other treatment options, like a dental school or hospital-based program. Additionally, most dentists offer easy financing options. So dont give up on that tooth just yet!  You could lose the tooth and/or lose bone around the tooth, which can affect other teeth. Also, a life-threatening infection, which is rare but real, could develop!  My stock answer is, would you be concerned if your hair was bleeding when you brushed it?! It is NOT normal. It is a sign of an infection! Get to the dentist immediately. Most adults need a professional cleaning every 3-6 months with a rigorous home care program.  Yes, you can. But the preferred timing is every 3-6 months based on your dentist's recommendation. You may think that you are removing all of your dental plaque but you cannot see below the gum line in the deep dark spaces that allow the bad bacteria to grow and proliferate. These are the bad bacteria that eat away bone and cause the premature loss of teeth. Research has shown that the bad bacteria which can eat bone recolonize at about 90 days after a professional cleaning.  A stained veneer can be completely harmless. With a professional cleaning the stain can be removed pretty easily. Or it could be decay or a leaky veneer, which can threaten the life of the nerve or the tooth its self. Get to your dentist or call your local dental society to get a referral for a dentist you can afford!  A tooth that appears to be rotten can be completely harmless. OR it could be decay or a leaky veneer, which can threaten the life of the nerve or the tooth. Get to your dentist or call your local dental society to get a referral for a dentist you can afford!  Delay will only allow more damage to occur. If you are experiencing pain there may already be a problem with a nerve or you may be getting close to losing the tooth. You may just make things worse by waiting.  Tooth decay forms from the acid created by the plaque that is left on your teeth! Whitening will not help that. Oral hygiene, cleaning, and restoration of the decay is the best course for you. After that, you can then whiten your teeth.  It sounds like you are describing a case of genetic abnormality of the teeth, like enamel hypoplasia, or someone with a lot of tooth decay due to poor oral hygiene habits or lack of dental care. The good news is that there are many options to reconstruct your friends teeth, such as veneers, crowns, or implants. They can look great, feel great, and last a long time! ...  Teeth do not tighten back on their own. If you have a loose tooth, it is a sign that you need a full mouth comprehensive examination, followed by a specific diagnosis. Waiting will only allow the disease to worsen.  The yellow stain could be a number of things: an innocent stain, a cavity, a traumatic injury, or a genetic defect. Please take your child to the pediatric dentist for an examination.  It takes many years before children develop the fine motor coordination they need to do a good tooth brushing job. Some dentists advise that parents brush their children's teeth until the child can neatly write his or her own name. Other dentists suggest parents use their own judgment, but to consider between ages 6 and 8 as the time for kids to take on the job of keeping their teeth clean and healthy. General rule: A smear or pea sized drop of fluoridated toothpaste can be used when the child can spit effectively.  When a child begins to lose their baby teeth and permanent teeth begin to erupt, the permanent teeth appear more yellow than the baby teeth. This is a natural occurrence because of the different makeup of baby teeth and permanent teeth. Baby teeth reflect light differently than adult teeth, making the adult teeth appear more yellow. When they are right next to each other, the difference in color is more dramatic. It is probably not the supplements, so go easy on yourself. Also check with your childs pediatrician to see what they recommend about giving...supplements  Most of the time, white spots are not a problem. But 1 year of age is the perfect time to see the dentist for the first time!  The accidental loss of an adult tooth is a grave event and very tricky to treat. Even the best techniques sometimes fail to permanently save the tooth. Bear in mind that there is a distinct possibility that your child may lose the tooth even if every precaution is taken. Root canal, gum surgery, and orthodontic care all may be necessary to ultimately save the tooth. And sometimes that may not work.  The bubble can mean that there is an abscessed or infected nerve, gum, or foreign object inside the cavity. The child needs to be seen by a dentist immediately. Antibiotics or a baby root canal are possible treatments for the problem.  The simple answer is probably yes. The premature loss of a baby tooth can damage other teeth, alter the eruption patterns of the other teeth, and dramatically change any orthodontic intervention. So see the dentist and follow their recommendations.  As your daughter gets older this may change for the positive. I wouldnt worry at this point, as long as her wound is healing well. Later on in life there is a simple procedure called a frenectomy that can easily resolve this situation.  The ADA recommendation is every 6-12 months for a child or adolescent with a history of decay. But it could be as infrequent as every 12-24 months for an adult with no history of decay. So I would discuss it with your dentist.  Alcohol can raise the blood pressure and slow down clotting. So it is a good idea to curtail drinking a few days before an extraction.  Its hard to say. But many things can temporarily stain the tongue, including Pepto-Bismol, candy, throat lozenges, etc. It may be that one of the materials stained his tongue. I would not be too concerned.  Sinus infections can cause tooth pain. But I am unaware of a correlation between sinus infections and wisdom teeth.  Brushing with too much pressure, or with a brush that is anything but soft, will wear away tooth enamel. Baking soda usually won't do any damage. But if you have thin tooth enamel to start with, and youre using a hard bristle toothbrush and a lot of pressure, you'll probably end up with problems.  Although there have been numerous stories of this happening, there has never been a well-documented study that has proven this. Leftover bacteria can cause a reinfection of the root canal, but that is all we know for sure.  I cant think of any reason why it wouldnt be safe, unless menstrual cramping makes it difficult to sit still in a dentists chair.  I would ask the dentist that performed the procedure. But it is most likely a sedating filling to ease the pain in a badly decayed tooth.  I would ask the dentist that performed the procedure. But it is most likely a sedating filling to ease the pain in a badly decayed tooth.  It can be true at times. If you have strong, healthy teeth, you shouldnt have a problem from chewing ice. But teeth that are weakened by old fillings, cracks, or enamel loss are at a much higher risk of getting damaged by chewing ice.  Tooth pain can come from a sinus infection, and a piece of an extracted tooth can enter the sinus and cause an infection. But for a specific problem with polyps I would see an ENT, an ear, nose, and throat specialist.  It was Charles Mayo, of the Mayo Clinic, who said, "People who keep their teeth live an average of 10 years longer than people who lose their teeth. Believe it. I have seen it. Do whatever you can to keep all of your teeth.  Genetics definitely plays a part in susceptibility to gum disease and tooth decay. But ... you can change the course of your familys dental health history by discussing the situation with your dentist and taking the proper preventive measures.  Sometimes people can get a funny squeak after a new restoration is placed in their tooth. But the radio station, TV stuff is more likely from hallucinations or a mental disorder.  Your aunt is pulling your leg! [This is not true.]  The link between calcium as a child and the strength of adult teeth is not proven. If your teeth are cracking, it's probably the result of failing fillings. The most important nutritional advice I can give you is to reduce the pH or acid content in your mouth, and avoid soda, which leaches the calcium from your body. Xylitol gum, anti-caries rinses, and fluoride supplements will all "harden" your teeth and make them less susceptible to cavities.  Alcohol, as you know, is a highly addictive substance, and repeated use can lead to oral cancer. Baking soda has some benefits, but is too abrasive to use regularly. Get "addicted" to an ADA approved toothpaste.  Candy and taffy are bad for several reasons. The hardness and stickiness can break teeth, loosen fillings, and yank out crowns. The sugar content allows bacteria to proliferate and create cavities. And most importantly, candy creates an acidic environment in the saliva, which becomes a breeding ground for deep decay.  Food and drinks like coffee, red wine, and tea can discolor the teeth on the outside. But those drinks aren't for children. Sodas are the worst possible drinks due to the high acid content. Acid in the saliva allows cavities to form and grow on your teeth.  Unrestricted, at-will sugar consumption has long been known to promote tooth decay, which is the single most common chronic childhood disease  five times more common than asthma and seven times more common than hay fever. A lack of certain nutrients can also make it more difficult for tissues in the mouth to resist infection. The largest calcium depleters are sodas.  The cause of your pain may be a cavity, a cracked tooth, or receding gums. Please see your dentist for a diagnosis, because that shouldn't be ignored.  ... This could be saliva, excess plaque, mucous secretions, a sinus infection, a throat infection, or a bevy of other possible problems. See your local dentist for a diagnosis first.  Coffee stains the teeth. But such stains can be polished off. The sweeteners that many people use in their coffee are far more dangerous for the teeth, as they feed the bacteria that create cavity-causing acids in the mouth. Caffeine interferes with natural saliva production, which can cause dry mouth and also lead to tooth decay.  The problem with putting bling on your teeth is that it becomes an area that attracts plaque, sugar, and acid, which can lead to tooth decay, bleeding gums and gum disease, bad breath, and a host of other problems. Appeal to your students romantic side. Nobody likes smelly breath.  There are numerous floss aids and products on the market. But you should ask your dental hygienist to help you with proper technique. And remember, practice makes perfect.  The sooner the better! At birth, start cleaning your childs gums with a soft infant toothbrush, or a cloth and water. As soon as the teeth begin to appear, start brushing twice daily, using fluoridated toothpaste and a soft, age-appropriate sized toothbrush. Use only a small smear of toothpaste to brush the teeth of a child less than 2 years old. For the 2-5-year-olds, dispense a pea-sized amount of toothpaste and perform or assist your childs tooth brushing. Remember that young children do not have the ability to brush their teeth effectively.  Most likely its time for a professional cleaning. Aggressive brushing is bad because of possible abrasion of the teeth. But the yellowing is most likely extrinsic staining that can be removed by a dental hygienist.  Some antidepressants dry out your mouth. But most times, this only lasts for the first couple of months. Fluoride supplements and xylitol chewing gum can help protect your mouth. Some antidepressants increase tooth grinding. Be on the lookout for waking up with stiff or achy jaw muscles. Your dentist may need to make a mouth guard for you to wear at night.  When you go for a regular cleaning, your teeth are scaled and polished above the gum line. Many adults dont remove all of the plaque below their gum line on their own. They require a deep cleaning or under the gum scaling to remove this plaque and tartar. Local anesthesia is frequently given at the dentist to complete this procedure painlessly.  By following your doctors instructions. No smoking, no sucking on a straw, follow the dietary recommendations, and return to the office for the post-op treatment. Take your antibiotics. Use ice when you need to, etc.  The first thing to do is stop the biting or sucking that may be causing the blisters. Petroleum jelly, hydrocortisone, and oral anti-inflammatories are all possible aids in helping you heal.  This is absolutely OK to do. Flossing, tooth brushing, and mouthwash are routine. A tooth whitening procedure, as long as it is monitored by a dentist, is perfectly OK to add on top of your normal routine.  Treating someone in their early 20s would not be a problem for an orthodontist. The goal for orthodontics is to straighten teeth in order to make them easier to clean, and to make them function in the ways that theyre supposed to. Teeth function better when they are straight up and down, and not at an angle. It sounds to me like your dentist has only your best intentions in mind.  Although its completely up to you, I would recommend having a comprehensive exam with your general dentist to rule out a periodontal or gum and bone problem. Then you can see the orthodontist.  Braces might help. However, you will need a comprehensive exam to diagnose the cause(s) of all your dental and bite problems.  Grinding, clenching, and gritting teeth are habitual and part of normal growth patterns. We dont have a fixed way to stop it. However, nighttime appliances can protect the teeth and relax the jaw muscles. You can obtain an appliance from your general dentist, your pediatric dentist, or an orthodontist.  Silver front teeth are a thing of the past. If you do have a cavity it can be repaired with white restoration. More than likely, the sensitivity is transient and will go away soon.  There is no scientific evidence that orthodontics can "kill teeth." If there was an endodontic, or root canal problem, its more than likely that its been caused by a previous cavity or trauma.  The aching is related to the movement of your teeth. If there is no pain, none of the teeths movement will be apparent.  The best thing to do is get a cleaning and have any residual stains looked at by your general dentist. Many stains may need further polishing or whitening in order for them to be removed.  There is no chance that you will successfully extract the tooth, but there is a strong possibility that you will seriously hurt yourself. Call your local dental society for a referral to a public assistance oral surgeon or clinic.  There are several options. If you have a local dental school, a hospital-based program, or a free dental clinic in the area, they can help you. I would suggest calling the local dental society for advice on what to do. Remember that most private practice dentists offer some type of financing as well. Ask your local dentist what the best option is for you.  Gluing it back on your own is filled with bad possibilities such as incorrect placement, toxic home cements, and swallowing the crown. There are several options. If you have a local dental school, a hospital-based program, or a free dental clinic in the area, they can help you. I would suggest calling the local dental society for advice on what to do.  Teeth need to be replaced for several reasons. To prevent surrounding teeth from tipping, to prevent opposing teeth from extruding, for protecting the integrity of your occlusion or bite. It also helps to keep the missing tooth as a one-tooth-problem. If you feel that you do not want an implant, there are other options such as bridges and removable dentures. There is also the aesthetic reason, if the missing tooth is visible. And you also want to preserve the chewing efficiency of your mouth.  If they are loose, you can wiggle them until they come out. But the best answer is to take her to your dentist for an evaluation. If the adult eye teeth are not erupting properly the dentist may recommend treatment that could help to avoid problems later in life.  Every pharmacy in America has white strips and whitening toothpastes that can give you a whitening result. However, the best results are always attained when a professional is guiding the treatment. There may be reasons that you arent a good candidate for whitening and only a dentist can tell you.  There is a whole set of postoperative instructions for bleaching treatment. These include avoiding red colored drinks and foods for 2 days and avoiding coffee and tobacco. Brushing and flossing are essential to keep up your oral health and your whitening result. In my office, we give patients a post-op instruction sheet to follow. Ask your dentist for one.  I do not know what the extra gum is, but it sounds like you might have a muscle attachment that is connecting too low on your gums. This can cause recession. If you have this removed it will make the area much healthier.  Most bad breath is caused by an infected tooth, inflamed gums, or a stomach problem. So the answer is maybe. If the tooth is being extracted for an infection, the bad breath may go away. If not, you may need to look further.  Theoretically, yes. But I believe it may be better to do the bone graft at the time of extraction. Ask your dentist if there are any payment arrangement options that you can use to help you pay for the treatment you need.  ...It is hard to say. But there are several possibilities. The veneers may be made out of porcelain or composite resin. They can either de-bond, where the chemical adhesion breaks down, or they can break off. This can be caused by a traumatic event, grinding, or clenching. My best advice is to discuss it with the dentist who placed them. You can also call your local dental society to ask for help with a referral.  Iron supplements can stain the teeth black. They can do the same for dentures.  NO! There has not been sufficient testing done on the effects of using a whitening gel while pregnant. Until such studies have been done on a larger scale, it is best to err on the side of caution. Manufacturers of teeth whitening products and teeth bleaching products generally recommend against using them during pregnancy for liability reasons. However, common sense dictates that unnecessarily ingesting anything should be especially avoided during pregnancy.  No, they do not grow. However, they can shift, move, or migrate due bone disease of to a loss of teeth or gums. If you feel that your teeth are growing, you should get to the dentist promptly for an examination and diagnosis.  Sensodyne is a toothpaste for patients with sensitive teeth who would like to whiten their teeth. The jury is out on what is an appropriate age to whiten teeth. Whitening toothpastes have polishing agents, in addition to the mild abrasives that help remove surface stains from teeth. Teeth that have surface stains are cleaned and whitened by whitening toothpastes. However, deeper stains wont be affected. If your teeth have deeper, darker stains due to injury or certain medications, a more thorough brightening treatment, such as bleaching or microabrasion, will be required. If you choose to use whitening toothpaste, make sure the toothpaste contains fluoride as well as whitening agents.  Sometimes teeth do not have enough room to erupt into the mouth and can be impacted in the palate. The best way to deal them it is to get treatment with an orthodontist and an oral surgeon to uncover the tooth and to guide eruption into the mouth.  It is definitely normal to have some sensitivity. But sensitivity can also be related to caries or tooth decay. So have your childs dentist check his teeth.  Whenever a child experiences a traumatic mouth injury, get them to the dentist ASAP. Now that an injury is evident it is imperative to get there as soon as possible.  ... Until your child can shower and wash her own hair, she still needs help with her oral hygiene. To prevent brushing battles, here are some age-appropriate tips I've learned from patients, parents, and my own two boys. Toddler: Make tooth brushing a game. Sing a silly song. Get 3 toothbrushes so your toddler can hold one in each hand, while you brush your child's teeth with the third brush. Preschool: Let him choose between two flavors of toothpaste or which brush he wants to use. After he brushes for the count of 10, it's your turn for 10. Go back and forth a few times. Kindergarten: Allow her to do the morning brushing solo, but use an egg timer so she knows how long to brush. At bedtime, you get to help or at least take a turn after she finishes. Elementary School: Children this age should be able to brush their own teeth, but you may have to remind them. Ask the hygienist to give your child a personal lesson to make sure he's on track with his skills. Middle/High School: There may be times when your preteen or teen takes a vacation from brushing. Dental check-ups are crucial to let her know if she needs to ramp up her brushing and flossing. If all else fails, you can always point out that skipping out on the twice a day regime may result in bad breath -- a sure way to keep friends and companions away. Don't forget to take a fun trip to the pediatric dentist every 6 months. ...  possible infection of a tooth on that side? or just simply your body actively fighting possible infection somewhere on that side? how do you feel? see any open soars? tooth aches? throat? nose? ear?  you should have finished them as your doctor advised you to. Gargle with warm salt water and even gargle with hydrogen peroxide, if the soars in your mouth do not show improvement I strongly suggest you seek medical attention to avoid further infection you most def. already have and are battling right now.  common symptoms: "Most people with this 			 condition have that may spread outward to the arms, back, neck, or 			 jaw. This pain can feel similar to a 			 . If you have chest pain, you should be 			 evaluated by a doctor as soon as possible to rule out or treat cardiac disease." It seems it can very easily be related, but can also be a separate issue of its own. Are you "high nerved?" have anxiety? do you possibly or have you been known to grind teeth when sleeping? or do you, or have you discussed the possibility of maybe even having TMJ? 			  Happened last night :/  The teeth are the hardest substances in the human body. Besides being essential for chewing, the teeth play an important role in speech. Parts of the teeth include: Enamel: The hardest, white outer part of the tooth. Dentin: A layer underlying the enamel made of living cells, which secrete a hard mineral substance. Pulp: The softer, living inner structure of teeth. Blood vessels and nerves run through the pulp of the teeth. Cementum: A layer of connective tissue that binds the roots of the teeth firmly to the gums and jawbone. Periodontal ligament: Tissue that helps hold the teeth tightly against the jaw. A normal adult mouth has 32 teeth, which (except for wisdom teeth) have erupted by about age 13. These include: incisors, canines, premolars, molars, and wisdom teeth or third molars.  The tongue is much like a sponge. Whatever you eat or drink it Absorbs. Are you a smoker? Smoking often can have adverse effects on oral health leaving the tongue " hairy" in texture and a yellowed colour. Dark pops will also leave a yellowed colour to the tongue. Make sure you are brushing the tongue when you brush the teeth to avoid the further growth of bacteria . There is a condition called yellow tongue which is usually self treatable. Yellow tongue occurs when bacteria of the mouth grow and create a colour pigment of yellow. It is suggested to quit smoking, brush the tongue several times a day and use mouth wash and to create a high fibre diet for yourself. If you are feeling really concerned you can wash mouth with 1 part peroxide, 5 parts water(do not swallow!). Once rinsed gargle water through the mouth for approximately 60 seconds to shake peroxide and bacteria loose. It is recommended that you should continue to check eyes for yellowing, as the next related cause could be jaundice. If concerns continue go see your MD.  The major problem with having "bad teeth" is that it affects your quality of life. It is difficult to chew properly, and thus people who lose their teeth, tend to have improper nutrition. There have been numerous papers linking periodontal disease to heart disease and low birth weight in babies. Recently some even suggest that being edentulous (no teeth) is linked to a higher rate of dementia. However, I have never read of any evidence linking "bad teeth" to other conditions.  You should talk to your dentist about this. I do not know what type of night guard you have, but there are appliances that can be designed to protect your tissues from your teeth. In addition, the rough edges of the teeth can be smoothed out so that they do not damage your mouth. All of this can and should be evaluated by a dental professional.  I hope that by now your extraction site has healed. If you still have the problem, you must go and have the site looked at. Exposed bone is not normal. It is an indication of problems. It might be due to systemic medication you are taking, or have taken in the past. It might be due to the procedure. In any case it has to be examined. Please go and see your oral surgeon, or go to another one for a proper second opinion. Don't leave this be.  Getting one's teeth brushed and cleaned is imperative to eliminating the two diseases we address in dentistry: caries (cavities) and periodontitis (gum and bone disease). If the teeth are not cleaned, one is certain to lose teeth from those two diseases. Piercing one's tongue is not a good idea. The infection in the tongue piercing is a result of bacteria that is present in our mouth regardless of cleaning one's teeth. Cleaning the teeth only lowers the bacterial count in the mouth and will help the healing of the tongue. It is a wound just like any other. Keeping it clean is best. Not cleaning your mouth will only exacerbate the infection.  Without a proper examination and X-ray, it is impossible for me to tell the difficulty of the extraction. However, your dentist is probably right about the pocket formation around the tooth. It is very common and is a prime reason for wisdom teeth extraction. If the tooth is an upper one and is erupted, the extraction should be fairly uneventful. It is a routine procedure that should not give you too many problems. Ask your dentist questions as to the procedure and what he/she expects from your recovery. If you need a second opinion go see an oral surgeon, who is the specialist in this area.  The effects of toothpaste are minimal. The important factor in oral hygiene is the act of brushing itself. However, many people with sensitive teeth such as yourself find a relief in using "sensitive tooth pastes" such as ProNamel and Pro-Health (I just used it to brush my teeth). If you like the flavor and find a relief either, do so. You do not have to use another brand if you find Pro-Health appealing.  Suturing (stitching) a surgical site in the mouth is necessary to limit tissue movement and to help keep it in the right place. However, many times it is not required. As a matter of fact, in certain instances it might work against the proper healing process. Leave the decision to the surgeon. If you are going to a properly trained person, they will know what is best to do in your situation.  I understand your concern as a parent, but you have to get a correct diagnosis from a qualified dentist. Adult teeth are typically darker than baby teeth and that is normal. If the teeth are brown, your child might have had high fever at about age 3 and was given antibiotics (tetracycline), this is the result. I am assuming that the oral hygiene is good and that the color is not surface stain. It is commonly called "tetracycline staining." There is nothing to do at this time. You must consult with your pediatric dentist first and foremost. Make sure that this is the correct diagnosis. When the teeth finally erupt, bleaching can be successful at times. Many times, adults end up with porcelain laminate veneers to cover the staining. However, the best thing to do is nothing. Any dental work has a "life span" and an untouched tooth is always better for the long-term health.The darker color, in itself, is not a problem physically, just esthetically. Please go see a pediatric dentist to confirm the proper diagnosis for your child.  Baby teeth are typically much whiter than the adult teeth. It is typically disheartening for parents when they see the adult teeth come out and they are more yellow. My own son is 7 years old and he is getting his front adult teeth. They are more yellow than the baby teeth. However, they are perfectly fine and there is nothing wrong with them. The best thing to do is to go to the dentist and make sure that everything is developing properly. Let all the adult teeth come out and only when your child reaches the age of maturity do we "do" anything about it. Our society is preoccupied with "toilet bowl" white teeth. Teeth are naturally ivory in color. Ivory IS NOT white! Just make sure that your child is developing properly and don't worry about the color.  The proper name is actually Gemination (like Gemini-- twins). It is NOT A PROBLEM. Other children WILL NOT notice this. The only problem is usually with parents! I am a parent myself and I understand your concern, but there is nothing to do at this point and you should just let nature take its course. The baby teeth will fall out and you have to make sure that your child goes to the pediatric dentist for proper care. I strongly recommend a pediatric dentist for your children. [He or she] is the properly trained dentist to handle your children and give them the proper, best experience that will last them a lifetime.  Super glue IS NOT a good idea. You cannot possibly dry the tooth properly and all you will do is create a thick layer of goo over the veneer. Try using tooth paste, or go to the pharmacy and buy Fixodent. It is pink, but it will make the veneer "stick" until you can see your dentist. The temporary cement you can buy in the pharmacy is too thick as well. It might ruin the veneer.  You can use whitening strips, whitening pens, whitening toothpaste or whitening trays.  Missing your period is certainly a big red flag. I would go see a doctor and/or take a pregnancy test.  Human teeth square measure the teeth (small, calcified, hard, whitish structures) found within the human mouth. They perform in automatically breaking down things of food by cutting and crushing them in preparation for swallowing and digestion. The roots of teeth square measure embedded within the upper jaw (upper jaw) or the articulator (lower jaw) and square measure lined by gums. Teeth square measure manufactured from multiple tissues of variable density and hardness. Teeth square measure among the foremost distinctive (and long-lasting) options of vertebrate species. Humans, like alternative mammals, square measure diphyodont, which means that they develop 2 sets of teeth. the primary set (also known as the "baby", "milk", "primary", and "deciduous" set) commonly starts to look at concerning six months archaic, though some babies square measure born with one or a lot of visible teeth, referred to as babe teeth. traditional tooth eruption at concerning six months is thought as dentition and might be painful. see more about Best Teeth Whitening http://www.abestteethwhitening.com Dental trauma refers to trauma to the face, mouth, and particularly the teeth, lips and periodontium. The study of dental trauma is termed dental medical specialty.  It is safest to have dental work done during the 2nd trimester.  I had the same thing teeth hurting and my sinuses were bad I went to the doc I had a sinus Infection he put me on antibiotics.  I have never had a problem with antibotics. I was prescribed Amox TR-K CLV 500 - 125 MG tablets (Sando) this was generic for Augmentin. Took my first pill, began to itch in my vagina area (strange I must say), then itching entire body. I didn't connect the medication with the itch, thought I had touched something in the yard, soap or clothing causing problem. Took baking soda bath/ showers, anything I could find for allergy thinking it was from contacting something. Still didn't connect with medication. Next morning the same thing. Called my doctor, stopped medication, flushed my body drinking lots and lots of water. I don't think it was the actual medication, I think it is something in the base product, you know to hold the pill together. If I should need Augmentin again I will asked for a different mfg, too bad they are not in capsule form, less foreign ingrets. We never think of the fillers in tablets. Look up everything that is in your medication..it is an eye opener.  Yes, it can.  ABSOLUTELY NOT!  I know this doesn't help, but I think you should go to the doctor. It's my understanding that this is basically an infection. You might be able to save money by not having the tooth capped, but it's my understanding that you need to get the infection addressed.  can some one help me'  i would take her to the hospital to get checked out it could effect her tooth delvopment in the future (possibility) not saying it will but could  Make sure you don't have h pilori causing ulcers. I was just treated  First of all, I would call your dentist. Perhaps the stitches are not holding and he/she will need to have you come in immediately. Until you go in I would use an ice pack or even ice cubes in a washcloth and apply it on the outside of the immediate wound. If you have any gauze, fold it up into a small square and apply on your wound. Hold your jaw closed for at least 15 minutes. My husband had 18 teeth removed for false teeth and went through some of this. Also, are you taking aspirin? If you are you need to stop until this gets resolved. Aspirin thins the blood. If you do not get relief soon, you may need to go to an ER. Best of Luck  It can, possibly... But only from killing any bacteria that has grown in or around the area.  I/m not a DR. but when I had a severe pain behind my right ear and went to the er they said I had Bells Palsy. I also had right side paralisis on my face. I would suggest a Dr. visit. Sorry I couldn't be more helpfull.  You should make an appt with your dentist since the wisdom tooth may be impacted...if other symptoms persist then see your pcp.  this is something related to the nerve responsible for hearing and balance .. u should see ur doctor he could prescribe some medications for you  You should really see your family physician 10. When Should I Call the Doctor About Digestive Problems? You should call your health care provider if you have any of the following digestive symptoms. Heartburn that persists and/or becomes more severe, or is not relieved by medication A sensation of food caught in the chest or throat Unusual or persistent abdominal pain Discomfort that interferes with daily activities Difficult or painful swallowing Heartburn that causes vomiting Vomiting of blood Bloody or black stools Dramatic weight loss Persistent hoarseness and/or a sore throat Episodes of choking Persistent diarrhea New or persistent constipation  Nothing should be ingested from 12 am the night before until after the surgery. Drinking alcohol within 8 hours of surgery will have very very detrimental harm to your body since they will be giving you pain medicine and anesthesia which ultimately may kill you in combination. Don't be stupid.  no  COULD be jaundice, but id just go to your doctor to get a more accurate diagnosis  no  try adding real lemon to your water and drink as much as you can tolerate and rinse your mouth with organic coconut vinegar before swallowing it. dont swallow often as this tends to lower your blood sugar level greatly. this technique will help clear infection or toxins out of your body and if taken routinely, will help prevent future infections for the most part. if there is pain, you will find by placing a piece of clove (a spice/herb) under the tongue where the bump is or if thats too painful, put it between your cheek and gum and kinda let sit there for as long as you tolerate. it has a numbing affect.  drinking and gargling with organic coconut vinegar and putting real lemon in your drinking water will help cleanse and rid your body of any toxins. followed routinely will help prevent future infections.  you really shouldn't mix painkiller by taking one then switching with another later. Because you have inflammation, it's better to take mortrin (Ibuprofen) as it does everything same as tynol plus help relieve inflammation which tynol doesn't.  Your situation has probably cleared up by now but I still had to respond because I had the exact same problem a few years ago. I was in the exact same situation. I was taking antibiotics, nose spray, oral steroids, and everything else the doctor could prescribe. One day I read about something called a Nedi Pot and decided to try it. Nothing else worked so I figured why not. There are a few different types and I used the type designed where you put the solution in the container, put the tip of the container in one side of your nose, lean over a sink and squeeze until the solution comes out the other nostril. Then you repeat switching sides. It's a little different design than the traditional nedi pot but I thought it might work better. Unfortunately, nothing much more than the solution came out. But then, about 10 minutes later my left nostril started dripping out a little of the solution (which is not uncommon according to the directions in the kit). So I leaned over the sink, held closed my right nostril and blew out threw my left nostril expecting just some remaining solution to come out. A few drops of solution did come out but then all of the sudden, to my surprise, a massive clump of very thick dark green mucus dropped out of my nostril. I was shocked and amazed. I had never seen anything like it before. And the pain and pressure on the left side of my face was immediately gone. The mucus that was stuck in my front sinus cavity was so thick that the only thing that could get down to it and jar it loose was the warm saline solution that I flushed through my nose and sinuses with the sinus flush kit. And the solution that comes with the kit is a simple all natural saline solution which is safe enough for even a child to use. So for anyone who has ever had sinus facial pain and pressure, you must try this sinus flush. And I know this might sound completely disgusting, but I wish I had recorded myself doing this flush so I could see it again or even just show people what happened because even to this day, I am still amazed at what came out of my nose that day. And all from a kit that cost approx. $10 (I bought the generic store brand) and took about 10 minutes to cure what weeks of taking multiple prescription medications and numerous doctor visits couldn't do.  Contact your Physician, who prescribed your latest antibiotic, Ask them. If it is not ok, they will either send in some refills or ask you to come back in for further exams.  dry socket..right after....and phantom pains all your life  @NOHARD: I just wanted to add that I was previously on Antibiotics which did help for a while until it relapsed. Would this method in your opinion get rid of the abscess completely? Or else the alternative is an irreversible extraction; thanks.  I had this as well. I had the shot in my left shoulder yesterday and then the left side of my face went numb 5 hours later. 24 hours later it still doesn't feel quite right. Doc's are stumped and want me to watch it. Think it may be a sensation reaction. I get tingly on the left side of my tongue and random parts of my body occasionally. No twitching or drooping of face muscles. No more flu shots for this girl!  I would tell the dentist that you stopped that antibiotic and why. It is not good to quit them as you can develop resistant bacterial strains. At this point it sounds like you have both a yeast infection from the first antibiotic which you can treat by using an OTC yeast treatment and the second sounds like a urinary tract infection. I would see your doctor for a urinalysis which may involve a quick test and/or a urine culture. Report every thing you said here to the doctor. Start drinking lots of cranberry juice (if you are not diabetic) and water. It will help. If the vagina itching doesn't go away such as the OTC product indicates see your doctor for that as well as it could be something else such as trichomonas. But I believe it is yeast because you can develop it due to an antibiotic. Marieh9  There is a program called OraWellness which claims to kill bad bacteria in the mouth to prevent cavities and tooth loss. You can learn more at orawellness.com  can you get c diff from having oral sex with your partner who has decayed teeth?  I would have to say a pain prescription from your dentist. You can also try over the counter ibuprofen .  is it new pain ? have you had it for a long time? have ever took xrays of your neck? do you have dissiness? any pain during sleep ? is it worse in the when you wake up or during the day or while sleep ?  i dont think thats a good idea dogs are different from people they have anti bacteral properties in their slaiva , so it pretty much not need but if you feel its something you would like to try for your dog give your vet a quick call and see what he has to say about it , hope this helps  i would go to the doctor , infections in your mouth can be very bad i dont know for sure if the urge to pee is connected , but infections left untreated in your mouth can lead to big problems , and in worse cases death due to the infection making it way into your brain and spine. either way def make a trip to your docs office asap  your mouth is full of nerves and just because you have pain in one place doesnt mean thats where its coming from. i would make a check up with your dentest if it doesnt let up , and infection can live in your gums , which is very bad since it can cause an abcest which can go into the spin and brain. if left untreated can lead to death ! on the lighter side a little meds can clear that right up , hope you feel better and hope this helped :)  never heard f that before i would say its more likely to be the other way around.... if u have a abcess you should go to your dentist they can be life threatning if left untreated for a while the infection can go into your brain in short and cause your brain to shut down ...which ends in death... your mouth most people dont think to take care of but remember its the closest thing to your brain .... finish your meds by the doctor and go to the dentist its possible that the anti .b. they gave you wont help whats going on in your mouth they work on a different part of the body ....hope this helps  No Dentist or Dr. should do any major work on you if your are sick. That's very serious...  I just got back from Arizona where I helped my friend who had similar problems. She was pre diabetic, her kidneys were bleeding, she had parasites and amoebas. She was overweight had fibromyalgia and no energy. She couldn't work anymore. She took some supplements that I take, one is just for energy it's called Vitality by Pharmanex. You can get it at www.scan.nsedreams.com She also started taking a Nano Pack (same site). It's a vitamin packet you take twice a day. Some of the antioxidants are nano sized, that means very small so they get in your cells.My friend is 30lbs lighter and working two jobs now. Hope that helps. The thing I love about this company is their quality and purity of the products. My friend is a walking testimony.  Absolutely they can!  The sinus problems can cause tooth pain. The pain can also be related to the grinding, as that can cause inflammation in the ligaments around your teeth. The affection of the maxillary sinuses causes an ache in the upper jaw (maxilla) and teeth.  Poor dental health, bleeding gums or not maintaining oral hygiene have known to cause strokes. The bacteria from the mouth gets into the blood stream and also reaches the heart leading to strokes. A number of researches have proved this fact.  It depends on the disease, procedure, treatment or level of complication of radiation and the oral condition. It cannot be told randomly, it would require a proper checkups but approx I would say it takes within 3 weeks for the gum to heal.  NO. You may have an infection and it could make your situation worse!  I have heard that a lot of ppl get pregnant on this specfic bc. The best way to know if you are pregnant is go ahead and take a test if it is negative try again in two weeks.  This is easy. The sucking action that is required to draw smoke thru a cigerette can suck the healing clot from the extraction site causing a dry socket. Same thing as sucking liquid thru a straw. Not a good idea.  Hello, I went to dental assisting school for two years and am certified as well so I feel qualified to answer your question. No, those teeth are not permanent. She is still losing her baby teeth, and all of them need to go in order for the adult teeth to grow the right way. Otherwise, there would be other complications. If the molars ARE her permanent ones, then they need to stay in the mouth. Of course when the wisdom teeth start growing in, it is recommended to remove them since they are so hard to clean and would cause more cavities and possibly other problems. But it sounds like you have nothing to worry about, keep losing the baby ones. I hope that helped answer you question.  I'm not a medical professional, but you should get to the dentist or doctor immediately. The infection can spread to your eye or worse. I have seen it happen. Please get help now.  I have been taking Percacet for neck and back pain, I am required periodically to have a urine test at the doctors office to verify that I am taking my meds. On 2 seperate times I have been taking one or two different kinds of anibiotics for an oral problem where my dentist opened my sinus passage when he pulled a tooth and my urinalisis came back negative for the percacet and I know I am taking the meds but now my doctor doesnt trust me but this has only happened when I have been on antibiotics. Can these perscription antibiotics be causing the negative result for the percacet? Thank you for any assistance you can give me. I am a 50 year old male, three major neck surgeries,degenerative bone disease in my lower back with a buldging disk, also on high blood pressure meds and water pill that makes me go to the bathroom approx 25 times a day, ropinarol for leg pain and amitriptaline to help sleep/depression...thank you.  It sounds like you may have an absessed tooth. This is an infection at the root of the tooth. The tooth will look fine. An absess can sometimes be felt under the jaw/chin and can sometimes be seen at the gum next to the tooth. A trip to your Dentist would give you the answer and the treatment.  Could be an allergic reaction to something. Maybe a medicine you've been taking. Hair in your throat feeling. Do you have pets in your home at all. If so you may really have a piece of hair in your throat. I have before and took some time before it came out. I can not take Zyrtec makes my allergies worse. Some things to think about. Dry mouth try salt water. Not really sure just some ideas to throw out there.  That I am not for sure of. I have a friend that also has the same condition. She says she gets pain in and around face and neck area tender and painful. I want to believe she said does swell sometimes. The ER here in MS was also not familiar with it. They thought she said fibro and its not the fibro. Not sure wh ya lot of places havent heard of it. You may want to look it up on mayo clinic online. May give you some better insight. I know a doctor in I think was Florida was doing some kind or laser treatment without surgery. My friend has said that they also call it suicide disease. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/trigeminal-neuralgia/DS00446/DSECTION=symptoms here is the link to symptoms right on site. check it out is exactly how she described it to me.   I just had a colonoscopy and was told I had a bleeding ulcer and acid reflux. I had absolutely no symptoms for either. I had a little swallowing and that was the reason for the test.  You might want to ask doctor why you are not on carafate liquid to coat and protect your ulcer, in addition. Percocet is okay, you can't take motrin or ibuprofen or NSAIDS with ulcer. Percocet has acetaminophen(tylenol) in it, but of course you should also get your doctor's advice. :-)  no  no  I give my dog one 325mg aspirin for her hip pain when it flares, maybe try this? No Tylenol or ibuprofen though, it is toxic to animals.  When I get a bad case of heart burn, I can feel pain in my jaw. It feels like it's in my teeth as well. Or maybe it's indigestion - chest hurts stomach hurts- wonder if its a hart attack.. Ends up being one of the above.- not heart attack -:)  Most likely. You should probably give your teeth a break. There is a lot of sugar in gum and also the constant contact with your teeth is no good.  is saltwater good for gums  