ear ringing, and fatigue. I started amoxicillin the next day and the sinus pressure went away but the rest of my symptoms remained and I was absolutely miserable. I stayed on the antibiotic for four more days with no improvement - in fact, I lost my voice around this time. I went back to the doctor and started levaquin. I was on that for four more days with no improvement and actually started coughing up/blowing my nose and producing this unnatural bright solid yellow mucous. I've seen much mucous in my day, I'm a nurse. I've NEVER seen mucous this color. It wasn't a seethrough yellow, it was a solid bright yellow and when I blew my nose I could FEEL it pulling out of my sinuses by my nose. It was miserable and I could hardly breathe. At this point I went to the HOSPITAL where they gave me hour long breathing treatments, solumedrol IV and put me on omnicef (another antibiotic). After a full week of this antibiotic, I finished it. Now (two/three weeks later) my mucous is clear/red (from all the irritation), I still have laryngitis (no voice), coughing from the tickle deep in my chest, apparently have asthma now, NEW SYMPTOMS last 4 days I've had joint pain and am SERIOUSLY dizzy. I shouldn't be getting worse, should I? I mean for crying out loud, I quit smoking 4 weeks ago, I'm using daily breathing treatments of albuterol, ventolin inhaler as needed ... I'm so exhausted that I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. What is going on?? Why am I not better? I've been to the doc 3 times and the ER twice. They say there's nothing they can do for me but I'm concerned that something more serious is wrong. I'm scheduling an appointment for the ENT doctor but around here physicians are really ... lets just say I want an opinion from this online community before I go. Please please please give me opinions?  Since most vaccines are either free or relatively inexspensive I would get the shot. According to the info you gave you are in a high risk- so I WOULD get the vaccine. It could very well be the only way to prevent getting the virus.  Shingles is usually a result of having chicken pox during childhood. It can come at any age, any time and should be addressed as quickly as possible.  Yes, I think that it is a very sensible plan. I came from a large family containing six (6) children. It was common practice for those of us afflicted with the same communicable disease to be isolated away in a common bedroom. It made caring for us easier on mom and saved the unaffected children from becoming infected. As I recall, we weren't all that sick with chicken pox and enjoyed playing together. After the isolation was over, we actually liked each other. Good wishes for a speedy recovery.   Stools that are gray colored may indicate problems with the drainage system involving interactions occurring between the pancreas, gallbladder, and liver. Bile salts are normally released by the liver. If there is a liver disturbance, bile production may be reduced or the release of bile can be blocked. The bile chemicals may build-up in the body and result in gray colored stools. Sometimes a yellowing of the skin is also a symptom observed in conjunction with clay colored stools. Digestion of the peanut butter may or may not hold any significance in the development of your change in stool color. I would recommend not waiting any longer for resolution. Stools that are gray colored along with abdominal pain may be indicative of a liver infection or liver disease. Anytime that stools are not brown in color is the right time to contact your doctor to have the situation correctly assessed.  Diagnosing your medical condition will require a through patient interview detailing past medical conditions, confirming when symptoms first appeared, family history, age, sex, medications being taken, pain quality (describing your pain as burning after eating may suggest a gastric type of disturbance), and a physical examination. It can be a time consuming challenge to both you and your medical professional to eventually come-up with an accurate diagnosis. One point to note is that some pain can be characterized as "referred pain". That is, pain originating from one anatomical location, but causing pain in another location. A differential type of diagnosing technique may be employed and require more blood studies, cardiac testing, C.T. Scans, X-rays, and other testing. Some common disturbances were addressed in the emergency room, but a boatload of other possible medical conditions still remain. Upper right abdominal pain can be caused by many medical conditions including: Your symptoms will require the painstaking investigative work by a competent and methodical physician. One- by- one, all possible causes must be eliminated until only one remains.  I would take the baby in black could mean problem, but the dirrhea lasting that long could be causing dehydration and that could lead to other problems. The doctor can check the stool and take action if dehydration is really involved.  what are herpes sores  I recently went to my Gynecologist and well I was told that I had abnormal cells on the cervix and that HPV caused it. My Doctor said that everybody has HPV if you had sex at least once. That is why you need to have that pap-smear done every year to detect cancer cells which are caused by this HPV virus (in between other things) . So, needless to say that you cannot avoid transmitting it to him, since he already has it, unless he has never had sex. Don't quote me. I read about it, and it enforces what my Doctor said according to the info I got, however educated and uneducated people will have different discussions about this. The best thing is to go see your own personal doctor and ask them these questions. Good Luck :)  My question, my little dog has a wart like breakout; to of head, back, leg, with around her buttocks, I just started applying Compound W, will this help?  Not exactly, if youre taking the pill or whatever it is to stop it from spreading then i dont think so, if youre partner already has it then no, it wouldnt really matter.  THIS IS MY ?. IN ANSWER TO THE MD. I GOT THE HERPES VIRUS WAY, BEFORE I MET HIM. RECENTLY WE BOTH BEEN TESTED NEG, AND NO OTHER DISEASES HAS REARED ITS UGLY HEAD, WE MAY NOT ALSO AGREE, BUT RUNNING TO SOMEONE IS NOT SOMETHING TO DO. STAY COMMITED IS WHAT IT ALL ABOUT. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTEMPT @ ANSWERING MY ?  FROM PERSONAL EXPERIENCE..AT FIRST THE OUTBREAKS CAME OFTEN, UNTIL I LEARNED HOW TO CONTROL THEM. MIND YOU EVERYONES BODY IS DIFFERENT. FOR ME I'M VERY SENSITIVE TO ALL MEDICATION AND REMEDIES. I HAVE HAD GENITAL HERPES FOR OVER 25 YEARS AND THESE DAYS I GET AN OUTBREAK MOSTLY WHEN I AM WAY OVER STRESSED AND TIRED AND CONSUMING TO MUCH CAFFIENE.THE BEST MEDICATION AND THE ONLY ONE FOR PREVENTIVE AND HEALING IS ACYCLOVIR.  My short answer to your question is this: I'd suggest you continue going to the doctor, but I'd go to a different doctor. Many conditions can take a long time to diagnose. Sometimes, you have to visit many doctors over the course of years to obtain a diagnosis. So, no, you should not give up. If you've been seeing a general medicine doctor (like a primary care provider), try finding an internal medicine specialist instead. Take a copy of your medical records with you, and keep a written log of your symptoms on a daily basis. This data can help reveal patterns in your symptoms that help lead to a diagnosis. I wish you all the best as you persevere in discovering what's causing you to feel so ill all the time.  , is responsible for causing genital warts. I don't think this condition would hinder you from getting breast implants, but you should discuss this with a plastic surgeon. Before getting breast augmentation surgery, you'll need to schedule a consultation with a plastic surgeon. He or she will assess your breasts and give you information about the various types of implants available. At that time, you can discuss your HPV status. Your surgeon will let you know if it's problematic. I doubt it will be. Take care!  First, I'm sorry to hear you have been diagnosed with , but I'm glad to hear you're getting regular pap smears. Unfortunately, your partner may already be infected. Even without external genital warts or other symptoms, you can spread the virus through mere contact during sexual intercourse. And use of a condom isn't necessarily protective, either, since a condom doesn't cover all the skin areas that may come in contact with the virus. The good news is that serious complications or cancers from with healthy immune systems is rare. In fact, in both your cases the virus may clear up on its own over the course of a couple of years. (Though this is less likely if you're passing it back and forth.) Both you and your boyfriend should be alert for signs of genital warts on his penis or scrotum. If you notice anything resembling genital warts, he should try to see a doctor for a diagnosis. Really, the only way to diagnose HPV in men is through physical examination during an outbreak of the warts. If you have additional questions about this, don't hesitate to ask your gynecologist. HPV is incredibly common. It's estimated that up to 50% of sexually active men and women will contract HPV at some point in their lives. Take care!  Unfortunately, there is not. There are dozens of types of , and no blood test that can detect any of them. In men, health care providers diagnose HPV by looking for warts on the genitals (because genital warts are caused by HPV). Sometimes, a vinegar solution is applied with a swab to areas of the genitals with skin that looks suspicious for a genital wart. However, the vinegar swab test isn't foolproof. If you suspect you may have HPV or believe you've been exposed to HPV, or if you engage in anal sex, you'd be well-advised to see a physician for an examination. I wish you all the best!  Yes, it is. The full name of the disease is " ." It is a blood-borne virus that can only be transmitted from person to person through direct contact with bodily fluids. While the virus "lives" in the blood, so to speak, it also is present in other body fluids, such as saliva. The chances of getting Ebola in the United States are very, very small. You cannot catch Ebola from casual contact with another person, such as touching their hair. People infected with the Ebola virus can only pass the virus to another person while they have active symptoms, such as a fever. If you live in the United States, you need not worry about catching Ebola. Wishing you well!   is caused by the same virus that causes . Shingles itself is not contagious. What I mean is you cannot get shingles from someone else who has shingles. Shingles contagious from the standpoint that you can get chickenpox from direct exposure to shingles blisters. In other words, if a person has never had chickenpox and has not been vaccinated against chickenpox, that person can get chickenpox if they come in contact with shingles blisters. However, if you have had chickenpox (or shingles), you cannot get shingles from coming in contact with someone who is having an active outbreak of shingles. A shingles outbreak is triggered from within your own body. It is not caused by contact with someone else. So, to answer your question, you do not need to avoid contact with your dad. You also should be aware that you can get the if you're over age 50, even if you've had an outbreak of shingles in the past. I hope this helps!  Yes, you certainly can from freaking out. If I had a nickel for every patient who fainted from stress when receiving an injection or having an IV started, I'd be one rich nurse! Frequently, when a person passes out from stress, it's due to what's called a "vasovagal response." This refers to a momentary malfunction of the parts of the nervous system (including the vagus nerve) that regulate the heart rate. Heart slows down, blood vessels dilate, blood pressure drops, and you pass out. However, you seem to faint more than would normally be expected. Vasovagal syncope (the fancy medical term for fainting while freaking out) usually requires a strong trigger. I would think back relaxation would bring on feelings of euphoria, not stress that causes fainting. Because you're still having fainting episodes after several months, it's time to go back to the doctor to see if something besides a vasovagal response is causing this. Also, if you can feel a fainting episode coming on, try to quickly sit down on the ground before you fall. And always try to protect your head. Best to you!  I'm sorry you're going through this, and it's good of you to be concerned for the health and safety of others in your household. Yes, as you know, handwashing is key to preventing the spread of . Equally important is knowing to wash. Always wash: After you've gone to the bathroom Before you prepare any foods (even if it's only for your own consumption) Use proper handwashing technique, which consists of: Start warm water running Get your hands wet Apply antibacterial soap Work up a good lather, all the way to your wrist Rinse thoroughly (this is absolutely key ) Dry thoroughly Hold a towel or paper towel to turn off the water faucet Also, everyone in your household should be performing frequent handwashing, not just you. Other ways to help protect your family members: If possible, don't prepare any food for the others in your household. Don't share utensils (spoon, fork), towels, toothbrushes, the TV remote control, or anything you touch without disinfecting it first. Keep food preparation areas as clean as possible. You can use disinfecting wipes from the store to keep surfaces germ-free. Best of luck to you!  Good question! simply means "inflammation of the liver." While most people think of the viral hepatitis varieties ( , , , and so on) when they hear the term "hepatitis," the truth is many things can cause liver inflammation -- not only viruses. A few non-viral causes of hepatitis include: Alcohol abuse Drug abuse Environmental toxins Trauma (injury to the liver) Fatty buildup in the liver (often caused by poor diet habits) Autoimmune diseases (a situation in which the body's antibodies attack its own tissues, including the liver) Some of these types of non-viral hepatitis may be reversible with behavior modification. Others may be chronic (that is, lifelong). If you have questions about your liver, or if you've received a diagnosis of non-viral hepatitis, feel free to discuss your questions and concerns with your health care provider. Wishing you well!  Well, if by "automatically" you mean the virus jumps across space and into your system, then no. Transmitting herpes requires skin-to-skin contact. It's generally advisable to avoid having sex with your partner when he or she is having an active outbreak of . The problem is that a condom may not cover all of the skin areas that could come into contact with the lesions. If you have unprotected sex with a partner who is having an active herpes outbreak, the chances are very high you will also get the disease. Genital herpes is incurable, so once you have it, you have it for life. If you have had protected or unprotected sex with someone who is having an active outbreak of genital herpes and you want to know if you contracted the virus, you can consult a medical professional for blood testing to find out. You also should avoid sleeping nude with someone who's having an outbreak of genital herpes. Any skin-to-skin contact in the genital region can transmit the virus. I hope this helps!  I'm sorry you're dealing with an abnormal Pap smear result. Before I get to your questions about HPV, let's back up for just a moment. An abnormal Pap smear does not necessarily indicate you have (HPV). The Pap test specifically screens women for cervical cancer. An abnormal Pap result does not mean you have cervical cancer. In fact, most abnormal Pap test results are not cancer at all. Certainly HPV can cause cervical cancer. However, you need to receive a special test (not unlike a Pap test, actually) in which the cells of your cervix are tested for HPV. In answer to your question, HPV is one of the most common sexually transmitted diseases. The Centers for Disease Control estimate as many as 50% of sexually active men and women get HPV at some point in their lives. Often, people who are infected with it have no symptoms. So, while it's not exactly true to say HPV can lie dormant in your system, it is accurate to say you can be infected with HPV and live with it for many years without knowing it. Your gynecologist probably will want to discuss your abnormal Pap test result with you. When that happens, you will have the opportunity to discuss your concerns about HPV. I hope you find this response helpful!  I was just diagnosed after being faithfully married for 10 yrs and only 1 other partner before him so I would like to know the answer to your question as well. I am sure you feel just as hopeless as I do and I still have so many unanswered questions it seems. :( Life is so unfair.  SORRY BUT I HAVE THE SAME THING I BEEN HPV SINCES 2008 I BEEN TRYING FOR ABOUT 6YEARS IF THEY HELP YOU CAN YOU PLEASE LET ME KNOW THANK YOU AND GOOD IF I KNOW ANYTHING I WILL LET YOU KNOW TOO  Your age may be one of the more important determinants in whether HPV testing is recommended. Among younger women, infections with HPV are very common. Often a younger womans immune system is able to fight off an HPV infection. Thus some type of Pap smear may be the best choice for screening. By contrast, if a women in her 30s or older has a positive test for high risk HPV it might be assumed that she has a more worrisome, persisting infection. 90% of cervical cancers occur in unscreened or under-screened women (DeMay, 2000). So you do need to get screenings, but the type and interval of screening is going to depend upon your age , and probably high risk HPV screening tests. Liquid based Paps do reduce the number of false negative results in the majority of women. Ask your GYN if your Pap will be a liquid type, and if it will be reviewed by automated, and human, screeners. If you have one of the high risk HPV subtypes by DNA testing, request a copy of the results for your files so you will know which subtype you have. Even if you have received a HPV vaccination you should will still need a Pap smear. The recommended interval is still under discussion.  A viral infection should not cause knee pain and stiffness. Does he have pain in any other joints? If not, he should see an ortopaedic MD and have it looked at. He should try to excercise as often as he can, by walking. He certainly should not try running as running puts a lot of strain on the knees and the joints of the knees. His knee caps may "look" ok, but just looking at them isn't enough to tell if he has something more serious, possibly needing in the future knee replacement. He should try taking aleve or some otc medication, walk as much as he can and consult his physician  No. Malaria is spread by mosquitoes. And actually if body fluid from one person comes in contact with the inside of another person's body it can spread H.I.V. Ebola is simply spread by an Ebola infected person touching another person. And now they say that it gets worse. It may become air borne. But mostly Ebola will stay inside the person and cause serious illness. If you get it you have to take it day by day because if you get infected you start dying. Ebola is one of the most deadly viruses in the world so be careful.  Nope. Viruses like the stomach flu that comes from food poisoning or close contact can only cause main symptoms like nausea and/or vomiting, diarrhea, and other stomach cramps. If you are still unsure of why you have green stool then it is a good idea to see a doctor and tell him or her that you have green stool.  Hi there! The best support is that when you are sick with the norovirus you should never touch someone because norovirus is very contagious. Or if you touch a surface and your husband touches that infected surface he will most likely get sick. Norovirus can be caused by food poisoning and it can lead to nausea, vomiting, headaches, and other cramps and discomforts. The best thing to do while being sick with the virus is to wear rubber gloves and don't hug or kiss if you are sick. Just keep in mind that norovirus is more serious than regular stomach virus.  Which virus are you speaking of. The HIV virus for example, is spread through body fluids. Her additional bloody fluids could certainly increase the chances of your infection passing to her. Therefore your suggestion is NOT a good idea.  Although it is hard to say if you have the flu or not, if you are still feeling ill, please call you healthcare provider and ask their advice about treatment for your illness If you get the flu, pumping your breast milk and having a healthy adult give your baby the breast milk is a good way to protect your baby. The flu virus is not transmitted through breast milk. Maternal antibodies are transmitted through breast milk, which may actually help protect the child if s/he was already exposed to influenza. It is OK to take antivirals to treat the flu while you are breastfeeding. If there is no one else who can take care of your baby while you are sick, try to wear a face mask at all times when you are feeding or caring for your baby. You should also be very careful about washing your hands and taking everyday precautions to prevent your baby from getting flu. Using a cloth blanket between you and your baby during feedings might also help. If you think your baby has developed flu-like symptoms, please call your healthcare provider quickly so your baby may be examined.  It sounds like you are but get a pregnancy test and if you are not pregnant then it is the virus  Actually, the H1N1 vaccine will be available as both. The nasal vaccine is the "live" virus and certain patient populations should not receive it, like pregnant women. There will also be a "killed virus" vaccine via injection that will be available as well (this one is OK for pregnant women). For more information, you can visit www.flu.gov.  You should monitor other family members for the signs of the flu but that does not mean that the rest of the family should stay home if they are not sick. Make sure that you wash your hands frequently and cover your nose and mouth when coughing or sneezing to help reduce transmission of the virus.  The HPV has now been recommended for girls between the ages of 9 and 26, and they are now studying the group after 26, but it is now the CDCs recommendation from 9 to 26 years of age.  You still have to get pap smears if youve been vaccinated, nothing changes. You still have to go to the gynecologist and have your pap smears yearly, you could even still be tested for HPV because the vaccine only vaccinates for 4 of the viruses and there are over 100 types of this virus, and probably over 30 that can affect the genital area.  First off you want to check for signs of dehydration including fewer wet diapers, less play, sunken eyes, sunken fontanelle (soft spot on baby's head), loss of skin turgor and dry mucous membranes. The fact that your baby isn't eating enough for adequate growth, is another consideration. Six months is also the time to start solids, which is important for development and nutrition. This WebMD article discusses various causes of diarrhea in babies. I would contact your doctor to find out if he or she wants you to come back in or get referred to a gastroenterologist. I think your gut is saying something isn't right -- and that is very important in my book.  Most adults who acquire HBV during adulthood are able to eradicate the virus from their bodies. However, you will always be positive for the Hepatitis B core antibody - HBcAb. Your doctor needs to check for numerous other blood tests known as the HBV serology tests which include the hepatitis B antigens and HBVDNA which will determine your level of infectiousness to others. Combined with other tests such as LFTs - will determine your need to start antiviral medication. If needles are not shared, then there is no risk of transmission, but it is never recommended to reuse needles, even your own. There are many needle exchange programs available so that the need to reuse needles should not be necessary.  I have a secondary question that goes along with yours. hope you don't mind me piggy backing on your question. If someone has unprotected sex with someone that has herpes and that person breaks out during the unprotected sex, and then that person who Didn't have it gets a blood test for herpes just 7 days later and that comes back Negative for that person... Is that Conclusive or Does it take Longer to show up in the Blood Test?  Hi, I found you this very interesting link, this should help you understand things a lot better, and be more informed. The Link http://kidshealth.org/teen/your_body/skin_stuff/cold_sores.html Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you don't hpv then don't go there, and yes it get passed on then then you would pass it and so on. Here's a link give it a good read, educate yourself. The Link http://www.cdc.gov/std/hpv/stdfact-hpv.htm Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link its from the Uk's NHS, covers all you need to know and treatment http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Cold-sore/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read, just copy to the www. Simple treatment is cold tea bags for cold sores, for more info just google cols tea bags for cold sores. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi That's putting a big load on your shoulders, to say this then you must have something? If you both have something that's an STD, then get to an STD/GUM Clinic ASAP Good Luck  Hi Its only if you have something, that you can spread it, but as your sneezing you could be spreading a cold around. Good Luck  Hi This is from John Hopkins, Can herpes be transmitted to other parts of my body? If you have genital herpes or orofacial herpes, you cannot transmit the infection to another part of your body after the initial infection occurs. If you have genital HSV II, you will not get HSV II at another site in your body. The body produces antibodies that protect other parts of your body from infection. However, there are cases where an individual has multiple site infections from the same virus. This is usually acquired at the time of the initial infection. For example, if an individual has oral and genital sex with an infected partner, they can acquire the infection at both sites because they are susceptible at that time. As for your Carpal tunnel, I have had both hands done and yes it will be sore for some time, for now just make sure your not doing to much apart from clenching and flexing, but dont do what I did and fall on it, because that hurts the site, for some time. But just stay clam over your other problem. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your not in Africa or Texas why even think Ebola? See your doctor it could be a number of things, starting from the flu upwards. Good Luck  Hi At 180 pounds you could with losing 20+ it would help you, something you should think about, and this would make you feel good. OK Have just one beer sip it slowly, and don't rush it, but if you can think Guinness or Mackeson stout see being English these many years ago was given in hospitals all over the UK to help recovery, there rally good for you, but again just the one. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, Warts may recur in up to one quarter of individuals within the first month but this becomes less likely as time passes. Warts are more likely to recur or persist if you: I, smoke 2, are pregnant 3, your immune system (defence system) is lowered: 4, by immunosuppressive drugs 5, used after organ transplantation 6, to treat cancers 7, to treat severe arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease certain medical conditions HIV It is unlikely that you will be re-infected again as your body will have developed immunity from your first infection. HPV vaccine, its to late you have already had it, its for protection. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you both have type 1 and 2 there should be no worry as you both now should have antibody's, its self protection for both of you. So unprotected sex should be OK Just google this, herpes if a couple are both type1 can they have sex You should find lots more help. Good Luck  Viral exanthems Hi These are the ones to worry about. Measles, Scarlet fever, Rubella, Erythema infectious, Roseola Varucella Coxsacjievirus Adendovirus EBV I this what your looking for, if you look each of these up for more info. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This first bit is from the NHS. Genital herpes can cause painful, red blisters or sores to appear around your genitals, as well as an abnormal vaginal discharge. See your GP or go to a genitourinary medicine (GUM) clinic as soon as possible. You may be offered a course of antiviral tablets, which will stop the herpes virus multiplying, but the symptoms may have a tendency to return. Now from me, dose this discharge have to be from your herpes? could something else, BV Yeast infection or chlamydia, Ok you can either have antibiotics or try the sea salt way, you have warm sea salt baths, either normal or sitz bath, you use a couple of handfuls of sea salt in a bath no to deep and let the water get inside your vagina, you do this twice a day foe a week, by then it should have gone. For more info google bv and sea salt and sea salt and the vagina, lots to read. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Is this your g/f or a street hooker? if its a hooker, then don't od it, if its your g/f and you have been with her for sometime and know a lot about her, and if she has been sexually active with other men, if not and your the only one, things are good then, then time to put your worries away and go for it. Most women get good orgasms from oral sex, once you get the hang of it, but if like a lot of men sometimes we break the small piece of skin behind out tongue's, its ok we all do it, its just gets a little sore, dose not mean you have an STD. Hope all the info helps. Good Luck  Hi, Just get to an STD/GUM Clinic an get a test done there, the staff will be very helpful to you, and give you advice on what could be your problem. Good Luck  Hi, Well at least he was wearing a condom, just because it broke would not mean he got infected with HIV, but he should go and get tested, and that would be the important thing, if nothing else. Best thing would be to get to an STD/GUM Clinic and get tested. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just found and odd thing the may help, its Apple Cider Vinegar. Just dip a cotton bud in it and ease this down you penis his would depend how far down it is or they are and leave overnight, if the head of the cotton bud stick out to far cut some of it back but not to far, see how it goes, it may sting a bit when you first use it. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi. This may help you, in your search, viral infections like epstein-Barr virus, hepatitis virus, herpes virus, bacterial infections like Strep throat, staph, fungal infections, respiratory infections, urinary and gastrointestinal infections can all cause hives. They do not cause hives directly but indirectly by causing inflammation from stimulating the body's defence mechanisms. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi OK perhaps I'm thick, but what virus are we talking about?  Hi. I think your find that this is the answer your looking for. The incubation period  the period between when you're bitten by an infected mosquito and the appearance of signs and symptoms of the illness  ranges from three to 14 days. Good Luck  Hi, If like me and I have read this up a few times, you will find lots of mixed answers, if you google, oral hpv and kissing, its here that you will find just what I mean. So hope this helps after reading about it. Good Luck  Hi, There is a link below, but first you should get tested at an STD/GUM Clinic, don't worry the staff will be very helpful and answer all your questions, this would be better for you face to face. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/sexual-conditions/hpv-genital-warts/hpv-virus-information-about-human-papillomavirus Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as you both had partners before marriage, and from what your saying could have had unprotected sex? Yes HPV can stay dormant in you or your husband for a long time, this length of time has not been found out yet. Its just one of these STD's that loves to hid deep in your body's, and loves to pop out now and again, trying to ruin your love life. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Its because there carriers, and being a carrier means you don't show signs of the virus, some STDs can do the same thing. Good Luck  Hi Yes hpv can stay hidden, and it seems for years. do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, So most likely you're not putting yourself at any further risk by continuing to have sex with him/her as long as you're positive that you're both being faithful. Your just stay as you are. Hope this helps. Good Luck  First off, a cold sore is a form of herpes, so once you get it, there's no getting rid of it. The virus stays dormant in your body until something triggers it. Cold temperature is definitely a trigger; winter is a huge time of year for cold sores, but sudden drops in temp. could very well bring cold sores on. You may want to look into cold sore treatments. There are many options both over the counter and prescription. Best wishes.  My nephew had a similar problem when he was about that age. It helped tremendously in terms of his ability to breathe and reduced the amount that he was getting sick. His voice was very deep and husky before the surgery because his adenoids were so swollen. After the surgery his voice changed just a bit, but not dramatically. I would abviously consult with your doctor or ENT first to make sure its not something else though.  It is most likely he received it from another person and passed it on to you. That's the most common cause of infection.  Yes, she is still contagious! She is contagious at any stage of an outbreak. While cold sores are most contagious when they are oozing fluid, the virus can be transmitted even during times when she has no blisters. Cold sores can spread to other parts of the body, too. Check trusted sites for more info: http://www.abreva.com/cream/spreading-cold-sores http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/cold-sore/DS00358/DSECTION=causes http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0001631/  Yes, Protected sex always. Even with oral sex for your partner, that is him doing you. There has been a significant increaase of Oral Cancers in kmales related to HPV transmission. And you partner needs to be informed if you decide you want to reproduce and go unprotected.  I had HPV back in my late teens, early twenties and the doctor did a "Scope" surgery on me to remove what bad cells she could. I also had it pretty bad. I was told (by that same doctor) that I may never be able to have children and "IF" I unexpectedly did become pregnant I would not be able to carry the child full term, so either or, the "child bearing" issue did not look good...so she said. I am now 38 years old, with 2 perfectly healthy boys and had 2 PERFECT pregnancies. I carried both boys the full nine months and never had any problems getting pregnant. I wish you the best of luck and will keep you in my prayers!!  We tend to get re-exposed to various types of Strep throughout our lives. What you are experiencing now as an adult, would have nothing to do with your negative test as an infant. Yes, Strep B, as well as several other bacterial (Strep is not a virus) types, can grow out of a urine culture when you have an urinary tract infection, but this was not lingering on since birth. Strep throat is due to Group A Strep -- a different "bug" entirely.  Impetigo is not due to a virus. It is due to a bacteria, either Strep, Staph, or both. This is why it is treated with antibiotics, either topical (creams or ointments) or orally, like penicillin tablets. Impetigo is contagious by both direct and indirect contact (surfaces contaminated with the bacteria) to a person who is susceptible. Unlike highly contagious diseases, like chicken pox (varicella), impetigo does not spread through the air or through sneezing. An exposed person will not necessary catch it, but they can, especially if you have an open area of your skin, use the same towel, etc. Your room-mate has a responsibility to you and others to keep the impetigo covered and use (at least) a topical antibiotic ointment or cream until it is healed. For you, keep your hands clean and avoid touching your own mouth or nose -- two favorite places that it likes to live. However, impetigo - those honey-crusted, oozing sores -- can occur anywhere on your skin surface.  No one really knows what causes Meniere's disease, but it probably is not viral pneumonia. Viruses certainly can cause some of the symptoms associated with Menieres, like vertigo or tinnitus (ringing). Be sure the diagnosis is correct, so see an neurotologist (an ENT/neurologist that specialize in inner ear disorders) to have a second, high-level evaluation.  This is really the first year for quadrivalent vaccine (four types). In all of the previous years, it has been the trivalent (three types) vaccine, so you should be generally well protected. Your doctor can choose to reimmunize you, but the one you received is really good.  Studies have shown the viral URIs (colds) are contagious a day BEFORE you know you are ill, and for about two to three days later.  First and most important: How do you know those bumps in the back of the throat are HPV? Have they been properly tested (biopsied)? Pharyngeal HPV is not that common and should be aggressively treated. Second, HPV is transmittable from one mucous membrane (mouth, rectum, penis, vagina) to another. Even skin to skin contact can transmit HPV.  I don't know, my unlucky friend. There are over TWO HUNDRED different viruses that have the potential of causing viral pharyngitis. You had one, two weeks ago, and now you may have another.....one 198 more to go! I suspect that you didn't get it "back" but rather got a new viral infection that also loves to take up residence in your throat. You can thank your friends and relatives for the exposure, and blame your immune system for not fighting it off.  Some facts: 1. Herpes is not the only STD out there. 2. Condoms protect against STDs, like Chlamydia, gonorrhea, HIV, etc. 3. Both you and your boyfriend have had previous partners. It doesn't take much for either one of your to stray (even though you may pledge monogamy). All it takes is a bad argument sometimes... 4. Condoms are cheap. I vote that you continue to use condoms until both of you are 100% committed to an honest, permanent relationship, and you are 100% sure than neither one of you has any other type of latent STD that has not reared its ugly head.  Viruses only last a week, but it is possible to get back-to-back viral infections that seem to last longer. One virus (mononucleosis) can cause a very prolonged sore throat, fatigue, and white spots on the throat, so if this is a possibility, your medical provider should order a mono test (EBV panel). Another possibility could be sinusitis where the constant drainage is causing you to have a sore throat. It is really up to you how you utilize your financial resources, but the only way that you can be properly diagnosed is to be seen by a medical professional that can examine you and order a few diagnostic tests.  All warts are really HPV...human papilloma viruses, but not all warts are the type that are considered to be sexually-transmitted. Some are common viral warts that can occur on any skin surface.  Vaccinations MAKE your immune system healthier. Medical provider do not test patients to see if they can take a particular vaccine. There are very few contraindications for getting a shingles vaccine, so I do not know what your concerns might be. Research the vaccine on-line and you will see that many of your fears may be unfounded.  Children can get HPV from their mother during a vaginal birth, if the mother is infected. HPV on the outside of the skin can be transmitted to others by direct contact during skin-to-skin sexual play. HPV can be contracted from oral sex if one partner has the virus orally. Most of the times, however, HPV that is detected on a woman's cervix has gotten there just one way....through sexual contact.  You are probably fine....temporarily immune to the bug that you just had, but please keep in mind that there are more than one species of viruses that cause gastroenteritis. If you daughter is school-aged, she could easily bring home a different one for you to "enjoy" for another week. Cross your fingers and wash those hands!  No....it would be highly unlikely for you to contract herpes in this odd way.  You are correct. Levoquin is an antibiotic and antibiotics do not work for viruses. The diagnosis of "viral bronchitis" is usually based solely on a clinical assumption since the medical provider probably did not perform a plethora of diagnostic tests that would confirm it. In the outside chance that a viral bronchitis could progress to a secondary bacterial infection, a clinician may still empirically prescribe an antibiotic. Since I do not know the details of the case or the medical history, I cannot comment whether this antibiotic was warranted or not.  You will probably be just fine.....hand-washing and intact skin (on your hands) is an excellent defense against the transmission of viruses. That was a nice act of kindness (the money, not the lighter). It would be highly, highly unlikely that this brief touching of the hands would result in you contracting any disease. Don't be bummed out (pun intended).  There are no specific dietary requirements for a person with viral pharyngitis, a self-limiting infection. You can feed him what he wants to eat (within reason, of course). Maintain his hydration and don't expect his appetite to be normal until day three or four.  No....HPV (human papilloma virus) is spread through sexual contact.  Aleve is fine for a 16 year old boy and is compatible with most cold medicines (you did not mention the type you gave him) that do not contain other pain or anti-inflammatory medications. When in doubt, a phone call to your friendly, neighborhood pharmacist can get you a fast answer.  An exposure to an infectious disease, like chicken pox, does not make you a "carrier". You actually have to the disease, or at least staged to get the disease (at the end of an incubation period) to be able to transmit it to others. If you had chicken pox (varicella) as a child, you are most likely immune, but any exposure could cause a reactivation of this latent herpes virus and cause you to get (herpes zoster). Have you had the shingles vaccine? Because of your exposure to children, this may be something for you to discuss with your medical provider.  Yes, that is the best course. Actually, that is the ONLY course that can be taken since viral infections do not respond to antibiotics. Fever is harmless. Fever is actually beneficial, so it does not need to treated. You can treat discomfort, of course. As long as the vomiting has stopped, and the diarrhea is not too bad, the best treatment is to maintain hydration, either with water or commercially-available electrolyte solutions. Do not treat the diarrhea...this must "run its course", so to speak. It has been said that viruses last about a week if you treat them, and seven days if you leave them run its course. Most viruses improve on day three or four, so the worst days are likely over. The fever response should be abating soon. Her doctor was correct. Not doing anything...other than supportive care...is the treatment of choice for stomach viral infections.  No. The flu vaccine in shot form is not a LIVE vaccine. You cannot spread influenza from the shot, nor can you spread a disease you do not currently have.  No. Shingles is caused by the Herpes virus -- the same virus that causes chicken pox. These are HUMAN viruses, not related to rats or bats.  Your husband can spread HPV to you, and you are infected, you can spread it to your child through a vaginal delivery. If you have HPV on your cervix or in the vagina, a C-section would likely be recommended. Since I do not know you particular case, your OB would be the best person to address this concern.  Yes. Fever is the body's natural response to fighting off an infection.  One sided throat pain is more concerning than if you had both sides sore. A concern would be a peritonsillar abscess. Since I have not way of examining your throat or delve into your medical history by this forum, I would suggest that you see your primary care medical provider and be re-examined. There are more things that can cause a sore throat than just Strep; one being mono (a virus). You need to be re-examined today if possible.  Different viruses.... Herpes simplex virus is called HSV; Human Papilloma virus is called HPV. I guess a person who has not practiced safe-sex throughout their lives can have both....or more STDs.  No, the color of mucous does not automatically assume that something is viral, bacterial, or allergic....it is just a clue. In most cases, green mucous is more likely to indicate stagnation (especially if the green is primarily in the mornings). Just a like a pond that turns green when water is not flowing in and out, the mucous can be green when you are chronically congested. You will need to be medically evaluated in order to determine if the green really has a bacterial association, or is just plain 'ol stagnation.  One should stop smoking to prevent DEATH. HPV can lead to cancer, and left untreated, this can lead to death, too. Are you confusing HPV with herpes? Most people do not have "outbreaks of HPV".  Oral herpes typically is caused by direct contact, like kissing, or by fresh exposure to the herpes virus as a fomite (contaminated surfaces). Technically, if the person using the mouse has an active herpetic lesion on the lip, picks at it, and then touches the mouse, it will be contaminated. If you then touch the mouse, and touch your lip, AND are susceptible to herpes, you may get it. These are all big "If's" and theoretical. Most people have have oral herpes have no clue where they got it, or from whom. Genital herpes comes from sexual contact, orally or during intercourse. Less-commonly, it could come from shared (contaminated) sex toys, but this is not the typical transmission route. You can use your own wireless mouse, or at least wipe it off before using it. Of course, the keyboard, desk, a pen, etc. is going to be a possible fomite as well.  No, not necessarily. Your wife may have gotten HSV (herpes) from a previous partner, if you do not have it. A person can have both, of course, but these are two, very different viruses.  Ringworm is a FUNGUS, not a virus. Shingles is a herpes virus. They are totally unrelated.  Oral sexual contact with a woman who may have an STD, can certainly transmit those viruses or bacteria to a partner. Gonorrhea can be transmitted. Chlamydia can be transmitted. Syphilis can be transmitted. Herpes can be transmitted. Basically, any STD that a woman has in the vagina can potentially be transmitted to another through oral sexual contact. While it may be less-common than transmission from genital-to-genital contact, it happens. If you question that disease-carrying potential of your sexual partner, it would be wise not to have any contact; oral or sexual. The use of a "dental dam" -- a latex shield -- can help prevent vaginal to mouth transmission of STDs, but very few people utilize them in their sexual practices.  Strep is not a virus; it is a bacteria (antibiotics do not work for viruses). About 24 hours after taking antibiotics, your level of contagiousness is considerably diminished, so it is safe for children to return to school and for adults to return to their normal activities/work (assuming you feel up to it).  The HPV vaccine is NOT a birth control medication in any way. A vaccinated woman can still get pregnant, but they won't likely get HPV, which can lead to cervical cancer. So far, the vaccine is 100% protective. There are very few, if any side effects, of this vaccine (your doctor can provide you with a full disclosure). Most side effects are related to the shot itself (pain, redness at the injection site), not the vaccine. The vaccine is safe and highly-recommended by medical professionals.  These two cancers are not "connected", but it is still unfortuante for you to have this family history. I wish you the best in your recent cervical biopsies and hope everything turns out fine for you. As far as your breast cancer history is concerned, talk to your women's health expert to see if you can have special genetic test.  Pathogenic viruses (those that cause disease in humans) have caused more deaths on this planet than all of the wars, famines, and natural disasters put together. Every year, just the flu virus causes tens of thousand of deaths in the United States alone. In 1918, that number was in the millions from the Spanish Flu Epidemic. Certain viruses cause pneumonia...and meningitis...and yes, even the common cold. Just a cold can cause harm. Some viruses cause diseases in plants/crops and other animals. Viruses destroy living tissue, destroy bodies, destroy ecosystems, and economies. They most definitely cause harm, in so many different ways.  If he was the ONLY person you have ever had sex with, then you most likely got it from him. Are YOU the only person that he has had sex with? If you both have had partners in the past, either one of you could have contracted this virus and passed it on.  No. Warts are caused by a HUMAN papilloma virus. Dogs cannot get human warts, so he is safe to pet them or get licked as much as he wants.  Hemorrhoids are not caused by viruses or contaminated water. They are caused by the pressure exerted on the blood vessels around anal ring during defecation. Chronic or recurrent constipation often leads to hemorrhoidal problems. While it may be a coincidence that you and your wife developed them at the same time, but I am guessing that you may be of similar ages and may eat the same type of foods. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/hemorrhoids-topic-overview  Yes, a person can have a gastointestinal virus without vomiting or diarrhea, but those symptoms are typically the things you get. If you had this virus before or a similar virus, you may only have a mild infection with nausea. You cannot definitively diagnose a Norovirus by symptoms alone, since everyone responds to a viral infection differently.  The incubation period for chicken pox virus (herpes) is about 2 weeks or so. Causal exposure to someone with shingles in a child who has been immunized (I don't know your child's age or if your child had one or two vaccines), is not likely to lead to a disease outbreak. Discuss it with her doctor anyway.  HPV does not "cure itself" in two years.....  No, your saliva is not always carrying the herpes viruses. Most of the time, you are capable of speading the virus when you have an active lesion, although there is some evidence that this virus can spread even when there is not an active lesion. To make your life simple, don't kiss anyone when you have a herpes lesion on your lip, but otherwise kiss them without guilt.  Pap tests are better now at detecting HPV. You could have gotten this virus from any of your former partners years and years ago, and it is only now that changes are being detected on your cervix during a pap. Past normal paps are good, but that does not mean you had a recent exposure. Don't start pointing accusatory fingers at anyone, just get properly treated. There is really no way to determine who did it, or when you were infected by this virus.  Techinically, yes....since you still have a throat, and perhaps even some tonsillar remnants that can harbor the Strep bacteria. Strep after a tonsillectomy is uncommon, however.  Neither. A bacteria is a bacteria. A virus is a virus. Vaginal yeast is a YEAST (fungus). The duration of treatment, as well as the success of your treatment depends on WHAT you are using, and how well your body responds to that particular treatment. Assuming you were accurately diagnosed and properly treated, most women are better in less than a week.  If he had HPV in his mouth or throat, he could conceivably transmit the virus, but this would not be very common.  Assuming you do have shingles (your description was not convincing), a person must have had chicken pox in the past. A new exposure to someone with chicken pox may give you shingles (herpes zoster). Since chicken pox is contagious a day before, many people do not know who exposed them 2 or 3 weeks prior. Chicken pox (varicella) is very contagious by direct contact or fomites (objects contaminated by the varicella virus. Shingles is really the same virus, but fortunately, not as contagious. One can get it by direct exposure, however.  All women can make their own decision on when or even whether they have a pelvic examination and a pap smear -- these are TWO, very different procedures. A pelvic exam is more than just a visual inspection of the cervix and external genitalia, there is a bimanual componet to feel for masses, benign tumors, cancers, ovarian abnormalities, enlarged uterus, etc. The pap smear is primarily for cancer or precancerous lesions. There are no good substitutes for either one. They are not just for women at risk. Periodic pelvics and pap smears are for ALL women. They don't have to be annual anymore. If you have a series of negative paps and do not have an genetic, familial, or medical risk factors, they can be less often. Discuss this with your gynecologist.  Only if the virus is and it goes untreated. Most cases of viral conjunctivitis (pink eye) is due to common cold viruses and they will not result in blindness.  No...different viruses and different treatments. A herpes medication only works for herpes infections, not HPV.  I really don't have enough information to help you....like the TYPE of herpes you have and the location of your break-outs. My advice would be different if you had occasional type 1 lesions on your lip, or if you are talking about a sexually-transmitted genital (type 2) form. Please repost your question with more information....  There is no way to inspect the ear and make a determination on the exact cause of the tinnitus, let alone determine if the tinnitus is temporary or permanent. Impossible. There can be hundreds of causes of tinnitus. If your tinnitus persists, see an ENT specialist for a high-level evaluation.  All of the childhood vaccines? No. Adults are not susceptible to many of the diseases that we try and prevent in children. Some of the vaccines? Most definitely. Depending on where you travel and the prevalence of diseases in these areas will often dictate what vaccines you need. The very least , you need hepatitis B, hepatitis A, tetanus and pertussis vaccine. There are many more may be recommended, again, depending on your medical history and travel destinations.  You need to see a proctologist (rectal specialist) or gastroenterologist for a proper examination and treatment. Anal HPV is not something you should ignore. Untreated, it can lead to cancer.  Just supportive treatments....since antibiotic and antiviral medications are not helpful. Supportive care includes adequate hydration, symptom control (cough medications for an annoying cough; antihistamines for a wet, drippy nose, etc.), or ibuprofen for the malaise. Viral infections last about a week whether you treat them or not.  There are no applicable percentages...there are just too many variables to consider. Needless to say, this person has TWO (perhaps, more) sexually-transmitted diseases and you apparently had unprotected sex. This is a high-risk situation so it is advisable for you to be tested periodically for HIV and other STDs until enough time has past that you are no longer considered to be "at risk".  If you have never had a breakout of herpes anywhere in your body, and you have only been exposed to the mouth type (herpes type 1), you are not contagious.  Liver cancer is a complication of hepatitis C. Hepatitis C is a virus and can be transmitted, but cancer is not really a virus.....certain cancer types can be caused by a virus. Another example would be the HPV virus causing cervical cancer. It would be possible to get hepatitis from another person.  Herpes is an STD of course. It is characterized by painful blisters, and those blisters can be on the head of the penis. Although I have no way of diagnosing him over the Internet, there is good chance that this is, indeed, herpes. He should be medically examined to be sure.  Not a virus...it is a bacteria called .  Assuming you are completely cured, the answer would be no, but it would still be wise to practice safe sex. Since HPV can cause anal cancer, it would be prudent for you to have a very careful cancer-screening examination on a regular basis by a proctologist or gastroenterologist. This specialist would be the person who could give you a patient-specific answer...that you are disease-free.  There are hundreds of different respiratory viruses that just cause the common cold. There are no rules that state you can only have ONE virus at a time, or that viral infections cannot occur back-to-back. A fever one week into a viral infection can mean a NEW viral infection has occured, or that the first virus may now have secondary infection.  Assuming your are susceptible to this particular virus (there are over 200 that can cause a cold) and your immune system is caught sleeping, you can develop cold symptoms in 12 - 24 hours (some say sooner).  I have no idea how your boyfriend got it. I know nothing about him or his past. The "H" of the HPV means "human", so we do know that he got from direct contact with another human....kissing? oral sex? He may not even know at this point. Not all species of HPV is sexually-transmitted nor the type that causes cancer, so perhaps you both should speak to his medical provider for some direct answers.....if there are answers to be obtained.  Genital herpes in the genitals. You cannot transmit the virus from the genital through your mouth, unless of course, you also had oral herpes (cold sores, fever blisters).  Viral pharyngitis is just a sore throat caused by a cold (respiratory) virus. Biologically, respiratory viruses are contagious a day before you know you are sick, and then for about two days later (estimate). Exposing others would not likely cause them to have identical symptoms, but they could get a cold. Since cold viruses are everywhere, she can really go back to her usual activities (school, church, choir) when she is feeling better. Colds last about a week, but most people feel fine by day four. Resting the voice when she has a sore throat is usually a good idea, so use your own judgment.  No....if your pap smear indicates changes that may indicate HPV, you may have HPV. While this could be a false positive finding, it is probably not caused by your deodorant vaginal suppository. Incidentally, it is not a good idea to do this before a pap.  Tinnitus does not cause the face to droop, but Bells Palsy can. The same virus that may have caused your tinnitus/ringing could be the same virus that is now cause some nerve problems in those facial muscles. Many times, this is a herpes simplex virus. I suggest that you see your medical provider right away about this droopy face since there are medications that can help.  Viruses, with the exception of MONO (mononucleosis) do not last six weeks. Just because a cause has not been found, does not mean your doctor should give up looking. Did he check your thyroid? Did he do a mono test? Liver function tests? Blood culture? Are you depressed or under stress? There are more things that can be done, so until you are feeling better, Jenny, your doctor needs to continue your diagnostic work-up or send you to a specialist.  It doesn't. A stomach virus infection can occur anytime ...day or night. It just happened to show up at night in YOU.   If it's viral, there's absolutely nothing you can do about it and it's probably a virus called Roseola; you simply just have to let your body fight the virus on its own until it eventually overcomes it. I personally had this virus before and it lasted up to three months. If it's anything fungal, it would definitely be itchy therefore I would safely rule that possibility out. If it's a bug bite (seeing as how most bug bites become itchy and somewhat sensitive), it's unlikely to be a mosquito unless you're allergic to them and the bumps are massive in size; my guess is that you have been bitten up by a spider of some sort, yet not a black widow or a brown recluse seeing as how the center "dimple" of the bump would become much darker in color -- and they tend to spew out pus as well.  If you both have HSV 2 (herpes type 2), there is nothing to worry about in terms of transmitting between the two of you, that is correct. But it would be good to know that neither of you have any other STDs, right? Testing might be appropriate for you both.  Could be signs of high and low blood sugars, poor circulation, and possibly hypertension. You need to find a good doctor who will run the appropriate test and even get a CBC count to see exactly whats going on. So many possibilities.  Welcome to WebMD Answers! While you're waiting for some other responses, here is a link to our . You will find several links there to great information about mono and its treatment. We hope you find what you need and that your daughter gets better very soon! Take care, The WebMD Answers Staff  There is no cure for herpes. Unless scientists find one in the future, you will always have the virus. But taking antiviral drugs can help manage your condition. Ask your doctor about treatment options.  While there is no cure for human papillomavirus, the good news is the infection often clears on its own. If it does not, and treatment is needed, there are many HPV treatment options. Plus, as more people are vaccinated with the new HPV vaccines, the rates of HPV infection may be greatly reduced. For now, HPV treatment focuses on treating the symptoms of the infection. Symptoms include genital warts associated with low-risk HPV types (which don't generally lead to cancers) and the precancerous changes sometimes associated with the high-risk types of HPV.   Only if you don't wash right after the deed.  It could just be normal discharge any girl could get . if its oderless then you should be fine but if it has a scent or any change in color or if its more than usual . You might have an yeast infection . which can be easily treated fast if seen by a doctor . i had this same problem so your not alone .  You said the person has herpes, so the answer would be, most certainly not, unless he/she dipped his/her genitals into the sauce. Even then, it probably wouldn't be a problem. It takes intimate contact to contract herpes.  20 years ago my husband and i both got shingles at the same time, i was 36 and he was 56. we had just moved out of an apartment complex where there was at least 10 cases of chicken pox with the little kids. i had chicken pox as a child but my husband said he did not. when we asked the dr.he said it is not contagious, that when my husband was little, he probably had a minor case, and no one knew. i asked how that could happen. my doc says when one person gets chicken pox, the next person to get can be so minor they only get 1 or 2 chicken pox and go on never knowing they had it or the virus  i was told by my dr that getting ur cervics froze will work....he said getting them froze will kill the cells u have now and grow new ones which means ur 99% cured....and I was told that today  Antibiotics kill the good bacteria in your intestinal tract. Try eating yogurt or taking asadopholis tablets. Even if this doesn't help it cannot hurt you. You would be surprised how much good can be gained by consuming the correct foods and suppliments when needed. Good Luck.  I, too, get Impetigo yearly. The specific strain that I get is unique to my body and is not contagious to anyone else. I have had it since I was an infant. For years, the doctors could not figure out what it was because if it wasn't highly contagious, it could not have been Impetigo (or so they thought). Your friend has the same situation as me. It is very rare to have a strain of Impetigo that is not contagious, but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist. If you are still unsure, wash your hands regularly and disinfect surfaces and commonly touched items. I have never spread my Impetigo to another person (when I was younger, my siblings would tease me about my Impetigo and I would rub it on them and angrily try to make them get it as well...to no avail..).  Chances are if you have lived in the US for most of your life, you have been exposed to Chicken Pox even if you didn't show symptoms. The virus remains dormant in your body and then reactivates as Shingles - any more questions contact your local pharmacy. Pharmacists are very educated on Shingles and there is a vaccination for it as well which is recommended for anyone over 50. 1 out of 3 people will get Shingles in their lifetime.  I would be very surprised if you are going through premenopause. I think you should go to your doctor. I know that might not sound very helpful, but it will ease your mind as well as help you figure out what is physically wrong. I wish you luck and hope you feel better.  I know more about the connection between HPV and cervical cancer in women but there seems to potentially be a link between HPV and genital cancers in men. Also, I know that men and women can transfer HPV to each other through sexual contact. Here's more information on HPV in men. Hope this helps. http://www.webmd.com/sexual-conditions/hpv-genital-warts/hpv-virus-men  possible food poisining  may not show up for a while yet  there may be a chance that your baby is intolerant to lactose. i would take her to the doctor and demand action. for the moment you could feed your baby cooled boiled water to ensure that she is receiving enough fluid the body can cope better without food than it can without fluid. i hope you find this useful and i hope your baby feels better soon.  If you have been diagnosed with the HPV already, on your pap, now you will need to do further testing and the Gardisol Injection will be pointless.  It takes approximately 24-48 hours for initial symptoms to appear after exposure to the influenza virus.  I'm not a doctor but I've heard it can be passed on in child birth and also just hand to genital contact with another person.. I would be a hypocrite to tell you not to worry because I worry about what people would think but I guess 97% of people get HPV at some point in their life so its actually probably more common than HSV1 (herpes - cold sores).. it really depends what HPV you have mine is hpv16  I don't know how they test but I kno I heard on the news that it takes 24 to 48 hrs to confirm ebola  There's some literature that suggest the vaccine may protect against progression of disease in women who already have HPV-related changes. Not a lot of evidence, but some suggest it may help.  The worse itch a person can experience, comes from Herpes  It could mean cervical cancer but pap smears are known to be wrong, but please go and follow up with it...I had cervical cancer when I was 25 yrs old and, chose to have a full hysterectomy, since I had a child, but there are many different procedures they can do that are so simple to get rid of it. There is a chance you will have to have a colposcopy, which is NOT painful at all, and a very simple biopsy. If it shows you have cancer there, then they could possibly do surgical procedure called a conealysation (slang for real name) which is where they take a cone shaped piece out of the cervical area, which removes the cancer and still gives you a chance to have children...All I know is if you take care of it very early in life, things will be ok...good luck and God bless  you need to take her to the hospital immediately and dont let her fall asleep, keep her up until a doctor is able to see her  the shot should work it never pointless so i would get it but before that ask your doctor if your worried about it that is why they are there for or the nurse one of them can answer better  A salt water (1 glass warm water, dissolve 1 table spoon salt) gargle at least twice a day.  yes  hello, No you will not attract HPV through a washer. HPV is a sexually transmitted infection and can only be transferred through 1.sex 2.bodily fluids (blood, seamen, or vaginal fluid) 3.used needle with someone thats already infected.  Hello there, herpes is one of hardest viruses to diagnose. many people carry the virus in their body but may go months or even years without an outbreak... the best advice i can give to you is to always use protection when sexually active, and whenever you think you might be having an outbreak to see your doctor just in order to be sure.  The Gardasil vaccine is meant to be preventative care. It won't do any good once you've already acquired the virus. It would be like getting a flu shot to try and get rid of the flu. It just doesn't work that way. Sorry.  You might want to go to a doctor to see what's going on. Although a virus can last up to a week or 2, it's a good idea to get a check up if it hasn't gone away in a few days. If it really is a virus the B.R.A.T. diet is known to work. Bananas, rice, applesauce and toast. Feel better!  sounds to me like the mucus you have when your ovulating which is normal it should only last a few days , if your trying to get prego now would be the time :)  I'm not a pro, but I have done a lot of research myself. It is possible for herpes to be in your body, but remain dormant for quite some time. However, 16 years is a while and I have no idea if it's possible, but it would not surprise me. If you believe you may have contracted it, be sure to get tested. They are able to see if you have had the disease for quite some time or recently acquired it. Hope this helps  i would think it would be seince it is right there ask your doctor  I had a positive lymph node on my neck (one that is enlarged for at least a month) and had it removed and biopsied. The local small town pathologist told me I either had HIV, cancer or lymes....Really narrowed that down, eh? So he sent my node to Cornell University to the top lymph node doc in the country (that's what he said) and the report came back Toxoplasmosis. It's a parasite that's harmless unless you're pregnant. I'm just saying the possibilities are many, most are harmless. Just make sure your specimen goes to a qualified pathologist. Good luck :)  Sorry to say, but with a partner having STD or having unprotected sex with someone, both can lead to cause STD's like HPV.  Yes! There is a possibility of having HPV after one had gone through Hysterectomy. Person suffering from the disease should maintain a healthy lifestyle. To live clean and strengthen immune system are very important. Living with HPV is much easier if you have a healthy body. This prevents the warts from recurring. Herbs such as Hyperisince Mysorense, Echinacea, Phyllanthus emblica are known to boost immunity. Most plants of the Hypericum family have also been studied to have anti-viral effects. Intake of vegetables especially Cruciferous vegetables which includes cabbage, brussels sprouts, kale, broccoli and citrus fruits should be increased with minimizing intake of sugars, caffine and refined foods.  HPV or Human Papilloma Virus belongs to a group of viruses that affect the skin and mucous membranes of human beings. It can be easily spread by skin to skin contact. The common treatment for this virus has not been found yet and it is not possible to get rid of the virus completely. The aim of treatment is to improve the immune system of the individual. Curing hpv, also called human papilloma virus or venereal wart, can only be achieved through strengthening the body's resistant system. Person suffering from the disease should maintain a healthy lifestyle. To live clean and strengthen immune system are very important. Living with HPV is much easier if you have a healthy body. This prevents the warts from recurring. Intake of vegetables especially Cruciferous vegetables which includes cabbage, brussels sprouts, kale, broccoli and citrus fruits should be increased with minimizing intake of sugars, caffine and refined foods. Herbs such as Echinacea, Phyllanthus emblica, Hyperisince Mysorense are known to boost immunity. Most plants of the Hypericum family have also been studied to have anti-viral effects.  Yes! One can get HPV without having sex.  Yes, it is possible that he might got infected because of having Oral Sex.  No Cure, you can just manage Herpes.Although, some of the natural therapies like hypericum mysorense and nosodes can be very helpful for a person. People suffering from the disease should do a research about and should try some medicines having them as ingredients. Also, avoiding foods rich in arginine like peanuts, chocolate and almonds will help, as they lead to more frequent herpes outbreaks.Avoid alcohol and Processed Foods. Take largely plant-based diet such as cabbage, brussels sprouts, kale, broccoli, since some individuals report success in controlling herpes outbreaks by avoiding consumption of all animal based food products.  It's sad to say, but there is a huge possibility that the guy with whom you have had relations with, cheated upon you...  HPV or Human Papilloma Virus belongs to a group of viruses that affect the skin and mucous membranes of human beings. Most people who have HPV do not have any symptoms. However, certain types of HPV strands can cause genital warts in men and women, and other types can cause cancer.  be Advised when breakout are occuring do not have sex, When it is dormant its safe. i would use protection anyway.  I gotta tell you, I have HPV and thought the same thing. Except when I got pregnant and found out this month. You aren't infertile. Just because you haven't conceived yet, doesn't mean you won't. Be safe! I was very surprised, so it's possible for you to be surprised as well!  I was told that I have HPV also. My doctor told me that your partner should wear a condom although this does not completely protect him or her. I do know HPV can be passed because it is a sexually transmitted disease most people don't know they have it.  I'm not a doctor but I have had three kids and the best way to protect yourself from a cold is to keep your hands away from your face,wash your hands especially if you have been out in public anywhere like the grocery store.Sometimes you can't help it someone around you will sneeze producing droplets that get in the air.I also try to eat oranges and drink plenty of orange juice.  I don't believe that massage will end her nerve pain, but it can help relax her a bit. A massage works better to help muscle pain. A medication can be prescribed to help with the nerve pain by making the nerve endings less sensitive. Cymbalta is one of the medications that works well. If your sister does not have open sores, then she can't pass it to the therapist.  It has a long list of side effects. Go to the drug center of this site for more info.  