get checked out.  arthritis on own.  If you have medical insurance, see your primary care physician first, they will need to refer you to a specialist so that the insurance can approve referral if needed for payment... your PCP will know exactly who would be the better specialist.  I had mono when i was 14, for me the pain lasted about two weeks then went away.  It sounds like it could be a mild form of staff. I had something similar and my doctor gave me pills. But another doctor told me to take a bath in plain water and a cap of bleach and after about a week it went away.  It depends what kind of bowel surgery you had.Usually it takes 3-4 days for the bowel movement which may be loose at first. Once your diet is increased, you should have bowel movements, unless there are complications from the surgery. RN experience  So whats your question?  You could try putting a mixture of baking soda and water on the effected areas and that should help clear it up in a few days  yes  Sometimes during an endoscopy, the insertion of the tube down the back of your throat can cause irritation and slight bleeding. That's normal from the procedure. If it gets heavier, you develop a fever, have stomach pain and vomit blood see your Dr on Monday, or if vomiting blood go to the ER, ER with a fever too. Call your GI DR Monday morning.  Sounds like a U.T.I. (urinary tract infection) even if it's not this you should see your doctor. Good Luck see your General Practitioner they can help advise you.  I was back at work w/i 2 days following my laproscopic hernia repair in generally the same area. I'd still take it easy though for the full 4-6 weeks they recommend for full recovery.  If the mark looked like a target, it possibly could have been a tick... and in that case you would want to get treatment for lyme disease.  No you shouldn't but get a piece of paper towel damp and wipe it off of his eye(s) every time. :-)  1. Because some people don't have money and/or their issues are not that big. 2. Some people are just curious and don't want to bother doctors with unnecessary questions.  if you are looking for natural remedies my mom and grandpa use these and they helped  I am in my late 50's now but like you, my lower back pain began in my teens. After four lumbar spine surgeries I have learned quite a bit about your ailment. My problems stemmed from a congenital deformity in the lumbar spine but yours could be anything from just a mild sprain (soft tissue injury) to a bulging or herniated disc. Alternating ice and heat may help but if your pain persists or increases, seek the help of a qualified spine specialist who will probably order an MRI, as it is the most effective way to diagnose the source of your pain. If your pain travels to deep in your hip/buttock or down the leg, there is probably nerve impingement that can lead to permanent nerve damage if not addressed, so it is something that shouldn't be taken lightly. The key to having a strong back is having a strong core. Keep those stomach muscles toned! Good luck.  I am in my late 50's now but like you, my lower back pain began in my teens. After four lumbar spine surgeries I have learned quite a bit about your ailment. My problems stemmed from a congenital deformity in the lumbar spine but yours could be anything from just a mild sprain (soft tissue injury) to a bulging or herniated disc. Alternating ice and heat may help but if your pain persists or increases, seek the help of a qualified spine specialist who will probably order an MRI, as it is the most effective way to diagnose the source of your pain. If your pain travels to deep in your hip/buttock or down the leg, there is probably nerve impingement that can lead to permanent nerve damage if not addressed, so it is something that shouldn't be taken lightly. The key to having a strong back is having a strong core. Keep those stomach muscles toned! Good luck.  A corneal abrasion is a scratch on the eye's cornea. The cornea is the clear, protective covering over the iris, which is the colored part of the eye, and the pupil -- the black circle in the middle of the eye. It's important both for vision and for protecting the eye. If you poke your eye or if something gets trapped under your eyelid -- such as dirt or sand -- your cornea may become scratched. When it does, it can cause significant pain and discomfort. If you get something in your eye, do not rub it. Try flushing it out with water or seek help from a doctor.  This usually happens after first waking up, or after periods of inactivity, when the blood pressure is low. What's happening is your rapid standing is lowering the blood pressure in your head. Fainting is a natural response, and is technically possible if you stand extremely fast after one of these inactive periods. If it happens often, or after periods where you are not inactive, mention it to a doctor, and have your blood pressure checked. In the meantime, just don't spring to your feet really fast. It happens to me too.  Sorry about those random topics. I thought I unchecked vision and salad.  Sorry but you completely misunderstood my question.  ... UV protection is not related whatsoever to how dark the lens is. The primary goal of sunglasses is to protect your eyes and your childrens eyes from UV light. Once you make sure that everyones sunglasses provide 100% protection, then the degree of tint can be an individual decision based on personal preference.  Yes...better now than later and you don't want to be sorry. One of the greatest myths regarding chest pains, feelings, etc., is that it should not be ignore. Our bodies send out signals and we need to become more alert to them.  A general or rectal surgeon is the appropriate physician to see for treatment of an anal abscess. An abscess is a collection of pus. An anal abscess may develop in the deep tissues surrounding the anus or be more shallow under the skin. They both require immediate treatment to lance the abscess and let it drain. Therefore it is important that you see a surgeon. A general practitioner may be able to take care of a small abscess in the office. Antibiotics alone usually cannot treat the problem. Without proper treatment, an abscess can cause a widespread infection (septicemia). You are more likely to get an anal abscess if you have diabetes, inflammatory bowel disease such as Crohns, engage in anal sex, or have an impaired immune system such as from AIDS or chemotherapy. If you have recurrent anal abscesses and there is no clear explanation for their cause, a consultation with a physician who specializes in diseases of the gastrointestinal tract (gastroenterologist) may be appropriate.  What you are describing is called orthostatic hypotension or postural hypotension. A drop in your blood pressure occurs when you go from either lying or sitting to standing. This type of low blood pressure (hypotension) usually lasts only a few seconds or minutes. Orthostatic hypotension can make you feel dizzy or lightheaded, and may even cause you to faint. Mild orthostatic hypotension often doesn't need treatment. Many people occasionally feel dizzy or lightheaded after standing, and it's usually not cause for concern. The treatment for more severe cases of orthostatic hypotension depends on the cause. Orthostatic hypotension can be caused by a variety of conditions including dehydration, diabetes, heart problems, neurological diseases such as Parkinsons disease, medications, and longstanding high blood pressure in older adults. If you have orthostatic hypotension caused by medications, your doctor may change the dose or switch you to a different drug. Other treatments include increasing fluids to treat dehydration or wearing elastic hose to increase the blood pressure in your legs. See your doctor to determine whether your symptoms are related to an underlying condition that warrants treatment and, if so, what treatment is appropriate for you.  Whenever you take several medications, it is important to check with your doctor and pharmacist about drug interactions. You are wise to question the combination of bupropion (Wellbutrin), escitalopram (Lexapro), and fluconazole (Diflucan). Bupropion increases your risk of seizures and the addition of escitalopram (Lexapro) raises that risk further. This is especially worrisome for the elderly and for those who are at risk for seizures, for example from a head injury. Presumably, the doctor who prescribed both of these medications felt that the benefit of this combination outweighed the risk. Sometimes your doctor will need to check your blood levels of escitalopram when bupropion and escitalopram are used together. Adding a single dose of fluconazole, a fungal medication taken by mouth, probably wont have a significant effect on how you feel. However, when fluconazole is used for several days it can raise the blood levels of escitalopram increasing your risk of complications. There are several web sites that allow you to check drug interactions online, but the safest path is to check with your doctor. When you are seeing several doctors who are prescribing medications, there is a risk that drug interactions between medications will be overlooked. To safeguard against this happening, it is always best to have one doctor, a family practitioner or internist, overseeing all your care. Checking with your pharmacist before filling medications is also important.  yes  As the other user has suggested it could be a sign of nerve being compressed somewhere in your body. I suffer from disc prolapse (lower back). My symptoms started off with numbness on the left thigh. I had all the symptoms that you have mentioned and started having problems straightening myself after bending over, sitting down etc. Please consult a neuro/ ortho. Its 5yrs since i was diagnosed. Dont worry. It can be managed with regular physiotherapy exercises, and small changes in postures. Maybe it is caused by your present condition. Wishing you a speedy recovery.  I had preeclampsia with my son. All it took was a urine test for them to identify. You swell up all over too with it and my face was very swolen when they induced my labor. They check the amount of protein in your urine and if you have too much of it they run about two more urine tests where you pee in a bucket thing for 24 hours cause if it goes up so high you have to be induced for the danger it does you and the baby. Mine wasn't allowing Sky to gain weight and he was already practicing breathing for labor at 34 weeks. They induced me at 35 weeks and he was 4 lbs 2 oz when we left. When I had preeclampsia I felt hot all over and dizzy. Especially when I showered or stood for very long. The point is though, is that I was having the symptoms of preeclampsia for months before it came on full force, symptoms like yours. The best thing that you can do is rest and rest a lot. Stress brings it on, that's how mine came on so you just need to not worry about it because they check your urine and every time you have an appointment that's one of the things they check for. As long as you don't have a high enough protein count in your urine you should be okay. When I had Sky mine was so bad I couldn't see him until the next morning at I had him at 4:13 p.m. All you can do is take it easy. They'll let you know if you get into the danger zone that's one thing they check for every time you pee in the little cups they give you. I really hope this settles your fears. Stress brings it on so try and relax for now.  My personal preference is heat. It seems to be better for me than ice. Some people get better relief from ice, so I would suggest try them both, and then use what works the best for you.  I'm not sure about the neurololgists you were seeing but my mother is being treated by a combination of neurologist, psychiatrist & pain management. She does see an endocrinologist because she had thyroid cancer which was removed but she has developed Grave's Disease and suffers from Glaucoma and sees an Opthamologist. Sounds like many, but is not a high price to pay to find a way to successfully treat her without the use of narcotics. It is wonderful to see her be able to return to a near normal way of living her life!  Within a day of my first 100mg Cypionate injection I experienced a 4-5 day euphoric effect. I had improved mood and other aspects within a couple days of injection. I didn't experience any changes to my libido for at least 2-3 weeks and that was gradual, but very noticeable - morning wood returned and so did hardness.  I'm not a doctor but my son (10) had a dot appear on both his palms (symetrical positions) the most persuasive answer we have had from friends is that it's like shingles. The explanation is that his emotional stress (he has a lot unfortunately) affects his nerves, producing these abnormalities. Some believe this explains the "miracle" of stigmata for some pepole.   Your not being able to be treated with acetaminophen due to allergic reactions may be a blessing in disguise . Acetaminophen has been associated with causing ADHD behavior in children whose mothers were treated with this OTC medication. Let's look at the alternatives to Acetaminophen: Alternatives that should be avoided or taken with caution after discussing with your doctor - Many other OTC medications used to treat pain such as Ibuprofen and Naproxen should be used with caution, avoided during the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, and taken only after consulting with your physician. Also, aspirin is contraindicated for usage by all pregnant women. Alternatives that may be considered to treat pain safely in pregnant women after physician approval- The best options for treating pain in pregnant are natural remedy herbs such as follows: A prescription drug that may be considered by your doctor as an alternative to acetaminophen is Tramadol/Ultram . Natural treatments may include Muscle Massage, Epson salts bathing, and Chiropractor manipulation. Migraine headaches can be extremely painful and deserve a through diagnostic workup to determine their cause. Treatment of migraine headaches should be directed at specific causes such as stress and hormonal. Identifying and removing migraine headache triggers is highly recommended. Also, determine if your doctor will suggest treatment options through phone/email consulation without costing you the office visit expense.  It depends where you live. If you have an accessible walk-in clinic, you should by all means go there and be evaluated. Your foot deserves to be evaluated by a medical professional. Your local government should be able to provide you with a list of emergency clinics in your area. Your medical insurance provider should also be able to provide doctors in your neighborhood. Also seek referrals for medical care from friends, family, and neighbors. The walk-in clinic may also be able to refer you to family doctor in your neighborhood. I live in the state of Florida and walk-In-clinics to assess medical complaints and minor injuries are common place. Three different walk-in facilities seem to exist. - One of the clinics is typically manned by a physician and a medical assistant who may treat colds, coughs, infections minor cuts ,bruises, and the like. Most of the time appointment are not required. Any condition that is suspected to be more serious will be referred to a hospital emergency room to assessed. - A second walk-in clinic does exist within 2 miles of my home. A major hospital has an emergency satellite site and is equipped with a physician trained in emergency medicine, physician assistants,at least 6 registered nurses, diagnostic equipment like x-ray machines ,cat scan machines, EKG monitors along with paramedics & emergency medical technicians to draw blood. If inpatient services are required, a transfer to the major hospital is completed through ambulance transportation. - The 3rd walk-in emergency walk-in situation is located within many major hospitals and are set up to handle most medical problems including heart attacks, emergency surgery conditions, and inpatient care.   I am not a doctor, but will give you my opinions based upon the information provided with your question. Sometimes fatty liver disease may cause hypertension. Is your son overweight? Fatty liver disease is often seen in overweight individuals and raises liver enzymes such as SGOt. Another liver enzyme, GGT, when found in high levels has been associated with hypertension. I suspect that the pediatric endocrinologist determined a high liver enzyme level during your sons latest testing of his blood serum. I feel that the endocrinologist is making an appropriate referral in order to rule out liver disease for your son.   Syncope with collapsing is both a disturbing medical condition and one that may literally occur for a 100 different reasons. As you may know, syncope may be due to multiple cardiac conditions, neurological conditions, tumors, hematology disorders such as anemia, low blood pressure, emotional disturbances, and may result from a host of other organ and system origins. The best diagnosing tool available may be a competent and caring doctor who will conduct a thorough physical exam and interrogation interview with the patient. Asking questions such as frequency of the syncope, asking for you to explain in your own words what you are experiencing while you are losing consciousness, any pre-warning signals from the body that you are about to collapse, when did the syncope first happen, do you have other family members who also experience syncope, and many other seemingly innocent questions that may give your detective doctor a clue to the cause of your condition. Diagnostic testing that is most useful includes blood serum studies, and brain scans such as PET Scans, CAT Scans, and MRI Scans. EEG testing is not always reliable in detecting syncope and may be less helpful. Now I am going to send you in another direction. I do not possess any clinical expertise in the field of collapsing, but must throw an idea into the diagnosing ring. Has the thought of a seizure disorder been considered and ruled out as a cause for your symptoms? In actually a seizure disorder technically doesn't fit into the definition of syncope. But my eyes actually bulged-out a bit when I read your statement of becoming incontinent of urine during some of your collapsing events. I have witnessed at least 100 seizures episodes of varying degrees of severity. Some patients experience full blown seizures with a loss of consciousness and uncontrollable body jerking (Grand Mal Seizure). Other individuals may only notice a momentary loss of consciousness and have no noticeable jerking activity (Petit Mal Seizure). People observing an individual while having a petite mal seizure may even think that the victim is blanking-out a bit and just not paying attention. Both of these seizure types sometimes have urinary incontinency as a routine symptom occurring either before or during the seizure. The brain scans are the most useful tools in diagnosing seizure disorders. It may take some extra time to conclusively rule-in and rule-out different reasons for your symptoms, but with the million dollar battery of testing being conducted, a correct diagnosis and treatment plan should be in the near future.  Whatever our political persuasion happens to be, medical coverage is a relevant issue that has should be discussed by responsible individuals. Since the Affordable Care Act (ACA) is a United States Federal Statue, individuals need to make intelligent choices. Without the distribution of factual information, this complex program would be a complete mystery to most citizens. I respect your right to disagree with substantive points in the act. But explaining the rules and debating ACA policy is a responsibility that we must all share.  I am sorry for your loss. Excessive stress can have deleterious effects on many bodily organs including the eyes. Some eye problems associated with emotional stress include eyelid twitching, uncontrollable eye movements, and leaking of blood vessels to name a few. I recommend that you talk with your family doctor to have a complete medical check-up including blood work. He or she may also want to refer you to an ophthalmologist (medical doctor specializing in eye problems). Please also consider talking with a member of clergy, family, and/or good friends about your loss and your feelings. The grieving process can be emotionally draining and take a long time to reach an acceptable level of acceptance. It's perfectly fine to seek professional counseling and to join a support group for widows. Read the book by Elizabeth K. Ross, "On Death and Dying" to better understand the grieving process. I wish you well during this great time of emotional turmoil and sadness.  I am sorry for the loss of your daughter. In retrospect, you may agree that a 4 year old should not be visiting a relative in the Intensive Care Unit. Young children are very intuitive and can sense when loved ones are not feeling either emotionally or physically well. It is theorized that children may feel unsafe, fearful of the unknown, of being unloved, feeling a sense of abandonment, anger, anxiety, and even depression when confronted with the death of a close relative. Add to that mixture other loved ones who are attempting to cope with their own grief and you will have a child whose insecure feelings are intensified greatly. I recommend that you discuss Kaye's behavior with the family doctor or pediatrician. They are best equipped to assess the child's needs and to make any appropriate referrals to other treatment professionals such as a psychologist or child therapist. Explaining death to a four year old child is serious business and best left to the clinical professionals. You may also require some help in coping with the illness and eventual death of your daughter. Everyone grieves in their own way with no set deadline on coming to feelings of acceptance. Please consider talking to your minister, priest, rabbi, doctor, friends, and relatives about your depression and ask for their advice on moving forward. Joining a support group may also provide you with a safe group of individuals that will listen to you in a non-judgmental fashion, offer emphatic support, and practical advice.   I would discuss your symptoms with your parents and immediately contact the prescriber of your Wellbutrin medication order. Wellbutrin can cause side- effects such as being dizzy, feeling light headed, being uncoordinated, high blood pressures (which can explain your headaches), head pain, confusion, and many more. Please open the WebMd link below to see a complete listing of side-effects associated with Wellbutrin. http://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-76851/wellbutrin-xl-oral/details/list-sideeffects  Yes, you should experience pregnancy. Here's one method that may satisfy your curiosity: Contract with a hypnotherapist (preferably one who has been pregnant). Although it won't be exactly like being pregnant, with a competent and open-minded therapist, you should be able to simulate the pregnancy experience in a realistic fashion. A possible post hypnotic suggestion might even permit you to remember and to relive the feeling of being pregnant whenever desired. For perhaps a fee of $200.00, I say that you should live your dream.  I am sorry for your diagnosis of liver disease. You are following the right course in learning all about those substance that may contribute to further liver damage. Levothyroxine has been around for many decades and is deemed to be a relative safe medication to treat an underperforming thyroid gland. I'm not saying that you would change your Levothyroxine treatment on your own, but I would not recommend stopping or reducing the dosage of Levothyroxine without discussing the possible risks associated by that action. With that said, according to some clinical studies, Levothyroxine may be associated with increased liver enzyme tests results. The liver is the main organ responsible for T3 and T4 enzyme metabolism. There appears to be no absolute data showing that Levothyroxine contributes to liver disease. As you are aware, NASH, Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, is a disorder caused by fat deposits building up in the liver resulting in organ inflammation. Your stage 3 grading would be considered to be severe. I wish you well as you fight the progression of this disease.  Please allow me to restructure your questions into my own words. Your questions were: 1.What do you recommend? 2.Is it safe for me to be treated with both Ecotrin (over the counter coated aspirin product) and Fluoxetine ( Prozac )? You also made the following statement.. - I took the Fluoxetine yesterday and was really feeling bad, had a headache, and felt kind of funny. My Answer : No, it is not safe. Based upon your symptoms of experiencing a possible negative drug interaction, you should immediately stop taking these medications and notify the prescribing physician. Temporarily stopping these medications until receiving clear instructions from the doctor should not adversely affect your health. Comment: It is prudent judgment to listen for, and respond quickly to, your body's messages. It is also very important to report all prescribed medications being taken along with all over the counter medications, herbs, and supplements to your doctor and pharmacist.  I believe that you are experiencing these "Sad Dreams". The anointed father of psychoanalysis, Sigmund Freud, believed that nothing just happened by chance. His theory was that humans repress some of their daily feelings to fit-in with society's expectations. Those repressed feelings need to be released and individuals unconsciously utilize dreams as the mind's purifying agent (you may not feel sad and cannot control the thoughts outlined in those dreams). According to a very unscientific interpretation from Dream Dictionary and Dream Meaning , sad dreams mean that some unwanted change is about to occur. Examples of an unwanted change may include losing a job or a friend. So why do we dream? Science today can only speculate, but I lean towards the theory that the mind sorts through daily events in order to make sense of what happened and to problem solve for solutions. Many individuals are ruled by their emotions. Once a worry or concern enters the mind, people cannot turn the emotional thought switch to the delete position. It seems to me that something is worrying you during the day and you are still dealing with that concern while you sleep.I suggest that you begin a short term program with a talk therapist to uncover possible fears and concerns that are interfering with high quality sleep. Uninterrupted sleep is necessary for the body to function in peak condition. You deserve nothing less than a good night's sleep.  Dark urine appearing to be brown colored is a sign of a system change usually due to one of the following situations: Dehydratio n- That's why you were told to drink plenty of water. The less fluids that are taken in results in a more concentrated urine. Medications - Certain medications being taken can cause darker urine to occur. Make a list of all prescription and over the counter medications that are being taken. Be prepared to show the list to your doctor. Foods - Some foods can also cause the urine to darken in color. Again, start a diary of foods that you consume. Medical conditions can also cause the urine to appear brown in color and may include: - Infections (especially of the urinary system), -Liver disorders such as cirrhosis and hepatitis when excess bilirubin is passed-off and giving the urine a distinctive brown color. I agree with the nurse that you should see the doctor for an assessment if the urine remains dark in color beyond 24 hours.  I do not believe that your 1998 gastric bypass surgery is responsible for your listed symptoms. Since your doctors don't have any answers, it is time to open the door to emotional causes as the reasons for your feeling poorly. Save Restless Leg Syndrome, the dizziness, headaches, vomiting, reflux, and body aches all fit in with depression as your culprit. Perhaps having an interview with a mental health professional to assess your depression would be beneficial. Talk therapy along with medication may improve your psychological outlook on life and reduce/eliminate your depression. If you are not currently taking an anti-depressant medication, one may be needed to restore some joy in your life. If you are currently being treated with an anti-depressant medication, a change in the medication or its strength may be justified. Sometimes anti depression medications just stop working, or even cause more depression, following long-term usage. As a side benefit to the depression lifting, physical disorders often improve. It is an agreed upon fact that our emotional state of mind directly influences our physical health. Some family doctors report that up to 2/3 of their patient's complaints can be traced back to emotional difficulties such as chronic stress and depression. Lastly, as a graduate of gastric bypass surgery, joining a support group could be a key ingredient to your feeling better. You'll be able to listen and share with others in a non-judgmental fashion,, ask questions, and make lasting friendships. My answer is intended to be respectful and helpful. You deserve resolution of your symptoms..  As a follow-up to my original answer, the link below will open a WebMD article on the relationship between depression and physical symptoms. http://www.webmd.com/depression/physical-symptoms  It is a challenge to answer your question based upon the limited information provided. For example, age, residence, income / resources available, and disability are considerations that many agencies will explore to determine program eligibility. Here are some possible resource ideas: Since you only need help once or twice each month, the chance of folks wanting to assist you increase greatly.  You have not revealed your age or given specific details relating to your angry and fearful feelings. Despite the limited information provided with your question, it is easy to conclude that you are not happy. I will honestly give you my impression of your symptoms. If you are a minor, then describe your feelings to your parents and request their advice. If you cannot talk with parents, then seek-out a responsible family member or trusted adult and decide on a course of action. I respectively suggest that you start out by having a talk with your family doctor and a complete physical examination. If your medical profile turns-out to be satisfactory, then a mental health evaluation is justified. The way that you feel is suggestive of a mood disorder. It is not your fault. Some folks have chemical imbalances that cause emotional pain, anger, frustration, fear, hostility, and depression. A therapist may be consulted to determine a diagnosis, establish a treatment plan, and may consult with a psychiatrist to determine if medication is needed. Talking about your feelings to a neutral confidant is in itself therapeutically beneficial. With proper supports,you can stop those negative feelings of anger and fear. You deserve nothing less than to experience a happy life.   Is the worker comp money replacing social security income (including SSA Disability)? If it isn't replacing SSA, then the W.C. income most likely is not taxable. Amounts you receive as workers' compensation for an occupational sickness or injury are almost always fully exempt from tax if they are paid under a workers' compensation act. There is an exception to this general rule as follows: When a taxpayer receives workers compensation rather than Social Security disability benefits and this compensation reduces the amount of Social Security they receive, the workers compensation is taxed at the same rate as Social Security benefits. The I.R.S. discusses Worker comp Benefits in their publication # 525.  I am sorry for your daughter's illness. I know that it is a scary time for you and your family. The waiting period is the worst and should end soon. It sounds like she may have Hepatitis A. Hepatitis A is primarily contracted by eating or drinking contaminated food or beverages containing the Hepatitis A virus. The news is essentially positive in that treatment usually consists of 3 months or so of bed rest with most people making a full recovery within 6 months. It also seems that the doctors are appropriately covering all bases by asking a surgeon to review the MRI results. Yes, the viewing of some undistinguishable object next to the liver is worrisome, but it could end up being a benign and non-issue. At this time, it is difficult not knowing the complete results of the MRI for your precious daughter. Based upon her young age, having a supportive mother, and doctors that are investigating all possibilities, I'm rooting for and predicting a positive outcome.   The term, Gastric Bypass Reversal is somewhat misleading. Although restorative anatomical and physiological changes can be made, a true reversal of the surgery may not be possible . Yes, most Bariatric Surgeons do have the ability to repair or modify the original gastric bypass surgical procedure. But much of the changes that were made during your original gastric bypass surgery are life-long. I agree with your doctor in recommending that you see the original surgeon who performed your surgery. If that is not possible, you may also consult with other surgeons in your area by contacting local hospitals. If you are just looking for articles that can be researched and will discuss the surgical details including surgical pros and cons, risks, benefits, and side effects, the internet is chock full of information using the search words, " Gastric Bypass Reversal " in your browser.  It's a great question especially since so many individuals are prescribed Prozac and other similar drugs. I've been interested in the subject since I was prescribed Prozac for many years and have some of the symptoms associated with Cushing's syndrome.I read in the past for example that a single 30 mg. dose of Prozac increases cortisol levels two fold. Yet much is unknown by the psychopharmacologic experts about Prozac and its potential for causing Cushing's syndrome. Most studies have involved only rats and mice subjected to Prozac assault in large doses over a period of weeks. In actually Prozac taken by humans is usually prescribed in doses totaling 20 mg.- 80 mg. daily for many months or years. I believe that much more research is needed to be completed on this topic before an absolute cause and effect relationship can be established in humans. At this point in time, because of the limited scientific studies, most answers can only consist of anecdotal accountings such as mine.  Most phobias are overcome by dealing with then directly. If your were fearful of public speaking, I'd suggest that you join a speaker's club. In your case, I recommend that you volunteer at a nearby hospital or nursing home. Perhaps someone in the neighborhood could use your assistance with their incapacitated relative. Helping a sick or elderly patient to bath and preparing them for bed would be a positive step to overcoming your fear of the human body. I am referring to your uncomfortable feelings as a phobia because blood, fluids, and internal organs are normal human being substances. Even diseased or infected body products, if handled properly, do not represent a threat to you. The worst doctors that I've encountered were the ones who talked to me from across the room. They would look at my inflamed throat at an arms distance and avoid touching me. If you really want to become not just a doctor , but a good doctor, then touching the patients is imperative. Touching is an essential diagnostic tool and shows your sincere interest in the patient as a person.  I believe in keeping a close relationship with a General Practitioner or Family Doctor. This person will monitor your health by keeping accurate records of your medical history. This individual will get to know you and note changes in your health through comparing diagnostic test results. My insurance carrier pays for and encourage a wellness visit to my primary care physician once per year. These insurance carriers have what I call, "Bean Counters" who have determined that this yearly visit catches problematic conditions and saves them money. You may coordinate that yearly General Practitioner visit with the flu season and obtain flu and possible pneumonia inoculations. Having that family doctor relationship will probably make it easier to be see if you do become ill. During illness, this individual can do preliminary diagnostic testing, conduct a physical exam, begin treatment efforts, and refer you to other medical specialists as needed. The bottom line is if you are in good health, a once per year visit to the family doctor along with your regular gynecologist appointment and mammograms will keep you feeling well. Those actions will also reveal any medical problems early when they best respond to treatment.  You should see a doctor specializing in Lyme Disease no matter how long ago that the rash was first observed. If you have Lyme Disease, It can be, and still needs to be treated. Over 300,000 individuals per year are infected with Lyme Disease. The condition requires antibiotic treatment to eliminate all bacteria in order to stop further bodily organ damage. This bacteria will fester in the body forever until treated completely. The Lyme Disease process may start out with a skin rash, fatigue, and fever and be dismissed as being somewhat annoying, but not being worthy of medical intervention. Some later stage symptoms of the condition include heart damage, neurological defects, arthritis, and chronic fatigue syndrome. Best wishes for your improved health.  I have had restless leg syndrome for many years. The best specialist is a s. After your study, the pulmonary doctor will review your sleep patterns looking for the intrusive disorders of sleep apnea, restless leg syndrome, and periodic limb movement. I became like a new person after being diagnosed with all three of these painful sleep disturbances and treated with a CPAP Machine and Mirapex medication.  Chances are that at the age of 25, you've had a number of eye exams. It is unlikely that "AE" would be missed during these exams and that your family has not noticed your eyes converging inwards. Additionally, "AE" may cause other eye abnormalities which you did not mention in your question. As a matter of fact, your vision was reported to be normal. Most "AE" patients require treatment with bifocal glasses as a child. It is not unusual for an individual during early adulthood to experience a temporary awkward tendency in maintaining eye contact with others. Perhaps (It is just a thought) that what is happening is a normal growth and development phase where your social anxiety level is high. With time and some work, this condition can usually be overcome. I suggest that you see your family doctor and have a complete physical exam. Additionally, be examined by an eye specialist (Optometrist or Ophthalmologist) at least once to either rule in or rule out diseases of the eye. Once medical reasons are eliminated as a cause for your difficulty in maintaining eye contact, then you can move forward and explore a possible anxiety disorder. This response is being submitted with caring and respectful intentions.You deserve a conclusive answer to your concerns by being evaluated in person by a medical professional.  Courtney: Let's answer your opening question honestly and directly.The pain management doctor probably doesn't want to talk with you about medications. You could discuss hydrocodone, but will most likely be dismissed. There is a reluctance by most pain management doctors to prescribe pain relief medication due to potential law suits (Yes, some patients actually sue the doctor and win for causing a drug addiction), unscrupulous patients who are actively addicted, or those scoundrels who will sell the drugs. My orthopedic doctor referred me to a pain management physician.for severe sciatic type pain and lower back pain. A bulging disc was confirmed through MRI studies at L and S1. During my first pain management visit I was given a spinal injection of cortisone. The doctor told me that it might not work so upon leaving the office I asked the R.N. if there was something else that could be prescribed if the procedure failed. She flippantly told me to take an Advil as the practice didn't prescribe medicine and that narcotics would not work on nerve pain. What an uncaring, incompetent statement by a registered nurse, or more likely it was just an outright lie. On the 2nd visit I underwent a spinal epidural process. Both treatment modalities failed miserably and left me in excoriating pain. I tried physical therapy, ice packs, a heating pad, motion 800 mg 4x's a day, and slept on an 18" wooden board without relief. I returned to my orthopedic surgeon who prescribed hydrocodone 5 w/325 Tylenol. Taking three pills at bedtime actually helps. Additionally he scheduled me to see an orthopedic surgeon (at the first available appointment during the end of August 2014) to evaluate my condition for surgical consideration. I am relating my story to confirm the facts outlined in your question. In 2014 many doctors are fearful of prescribing narcotic medications to a 24 year old person, or even a 65 year old person. Something needs to change in the practice of pain management. Doctors take a sacred oath to do no harm. I suggest that sending a patient away in severe pain without an adequate treatment pain is causing harm and goes against the principles and spirit of causing no harm. I suggest that you find a doctor willing to treat your pain with medication sufficient to relieve the pain. At the same time seek out a cause for your pain and have the appropriate treatment completed to resolve your condition without continuing to take pain medication . No LEGITIMATE pain suffer should be forced to jump out of their skin, cry in agony, or find a drug supplier on the street. There are surgical remedies, acupuncture, and implanted pain control pumps to alleviate even the most torturous pain. .  The best plan is for you to see the Primary Care Doctor. That person can complete your physical,assess your blood pressure concerns, possibly start treatment if necessary , and refer you to other medical specialists as needed. While waiting to see your Primary Care Doctor, I would continue to periodically take ramdom B/P readings. Start a journel to record those readings along with the date and time taken, whose machine was used (your own or a local pharmacy, etc.), arm used for testing, standing or sitting position, and all recent activities that you were engaged in (eating, exercise, etc.) prior to the testing.Show the journal entries to your doctor during the office visit. If you used your own machine to obtain the readings, it is advisable to also bring it to your medical appointment for confirm of its accuracy.  It is possible to receive Social Security Disability (SSDI) or Supplemental Security Benefits (SSI) based upon your medical and emotional conditions. Do not listen to those well-meaning people who may say that your diagnoses will not qualify you for disability. You do not have to have a terminal disease to become eligible for disability. The waiting process for approval can range from 6 months to several years so you must be ready to live without a regular pay check for some time. You must also be incapable of doing any gainful work. If you feel that you cannot continue to work, it is recommended to start the application process immediately. If approved, your original application date will be used to establish the approval date and possible retroactive benefits. You may also think about contacting an attorney specializing in helping folks to obtain disability benefits. The application process can be cumbersome and becomes a living, legal document which will be used to assess your eligibility. Attempting to correct mistakes or supply missing documentation later is not recommended. Treat the application responsibility and do it right the first time. If it seems like too much work, then it is best to forget applying. The application should be initiated as correctly and completely as possible the first time. You should begin to start a daily diary detailing your activities of daily living and your medical and emotional symptoms experienced . You should also gather all of your medical records from each medical professional that has provided you with medical care. Attempt to secure the backing of your primary care doctor as well as other medical specialists to support your disability claim. They may be able to provide you with a letter attesting to your being completely disabled. Also seek a letter from your employer stating their observance of you being unable to complete your job responsibilities due to your disabilities. Letters from other people testifying that they are aware of your physical and emotional decline may also be useful. The majority of people are denied at the first step of the approval process. But with a legitimate disability being adequately documented and by following the above guidelines, eventual disability approval is possible with your clinical conditions.  It is part of normal development for young children to have an oral stimulation fixation need. According to psychologist, Doctor Sigmund Fraud, the oral stage usually ends at about age 2, but lasts longer in other children. Additionally toddlers seem to be fascinated with currency in the form of coins. Is it any wonder why a normal 3 year old would swallow a quarter coin? It is great that you've been checking for elimination of the quarter in your son's stools, but it does not seem that the money will be re-deposited in his waste. I agree that your son does not need to be x-rayed as the quarter should cause no serious system problems. Here is what I would do: I hope that this answer has been helpful.   Youve already taken the 1st step in overcoming your negative response to anger. You're admitting the problem. Hopefully that acknowledgement of a problem will propel you forward. Perhaps some of my thoughts as follows will assist your efforts: Identify the cause of your displeasure - Keep a journal and annotate what triggered your anger and the resultant self-abuse behavior. Were you feeling frustrated, disappointed, powerless in efforts to have what you wanted, resentful or angry at others, etc.? List the feelings that you had before and after the angry outburst occurred. For example you may feel afraid of yourself, may have felt embarrassed, or felt like you might be arrested, placed in a hospital for your own protection, or feel like you wanted to harm someone else. Many episodes of self-destructive behaviors are a result of some type of irrational fear. For example some individuals may feel like they are No Good, nobody cares about me anyway, or that things will never change. It is helpful to identify those fears and confirm to yourself that they are irrational. Review the causes and irrational fears as outlined in your journal. Set up positive alternatives to your self-destructive behavior. For example scream in a private place, cry, talk to others, listen to music, and most of all promote self-esteem by reaffirming to yourself that you are a valuable person. This problem will not just disappear. Ask friends, family, church clergy, school officials, or your physician for help and guidance with a confidential problem. Join an anger management support group. Many times these groups are run in an anonymous fashion. Sometimes just listening to others who have had your same feelings; and having a forum for you to express your feelings, can lead to improvement of your condition. If things become too overwhelming and you feel like hurting yourself or others, it is time to seek professional treatment through counseling and medications. Best wishes for a productive journey in feeling good about yourself and in experiencing a joyful life.   Youve already taken the 1st step in overcoming your negative response to anger. Hopefully that acknowledgement of a problem will propel you forward. Perhaps some of my thoughts as follows will assist your efforts: - Identify the cause of your displeasure - Keep a journal and annotate what triggered your anger and the resultant self-abuse behavior. Were you feeling frustrated, disappointed, powerless in efforts to have what you wanted, resentful or angry at others, etc.? List the feelings that you had before and after the angry outburst occurred. For example you may feel afraid of yourself, may have felt embarrassed, or felt like you might be arrested, placed in a hospital for your own protection, or feel like you wanted to harm someone else. - Many episodes of self-destructive behaviors are a result of some type of irrational fear. For example some individuals may feel like they are No Good, nobody cares about me anyway, or that things will never change. It is helpful to identify those fears and confirm to yourself that they are irrational. - Review the causes and irrational fears as outlined in your journal. Set up positive alternatives to your self-destructive behavior. For example scream in a private place, cry, talk to others, listen to music, and most of all promote self-esteem by reaffirming to yourself that you are a valuable person. - This problem will not just disappear. Ask friends, family, church clergy, school officials, or your physician for help and guidance with a confidential problem. Join an anger management support group. Many times these groups are run in an anonymous fashion. Sometimes just listening to others who have had your same feelings; and having a forum for you to express your feelings, can lead to improvement of your condition. - If things become too overwhelming and you feel like hurting yourself or others, it is time to seek professional treatment through counseling and medications. Best wishes for a productive journey in liking yourself and in experiencing a joyful life.   Effective October 6, 2014, the DEA changed Hydrocodone from a schedule 111 drug to a schedule 11 drug. It seems to me that your pharmacist may misunderstand the rules concerning prescriptions issued prior to 10/6/2014. The DEA regulations state that only prescriptions issued before 10/6/14, and authorized for refills may be dispensed, as long as such dispensing occurs before April 8, 2015. Your situation seems to meet this condition. I recommend showing the pharmacist this answer and ask that person to recheck the new Hydrocodone refill ruling. If you still meet with resistance, a phone call to the pharmacies corporate office or your states prescription regulatory department is justified.  The condition that you are describing appears to be aphasia. This is a brain disorder and most likely of the expressive type. Expressive meaning that you know what you want to say, but cannot find the correct word to say it. See the following WebMD article by accessing its content from the link below: http://www.webmd.com/brain/aphasia-causes-symptoms-types-treatments Some of your other symptoms like migraine headaches, leg twitching, and blurred vision suggest a neurological defect. These neurological defects are sometimes seen in stokes, TIA's (Trans Ischemic Attach), head injuries, and epilepsy, .  The growth plates closes in most humans somewhere in the range of 13 years to 22 years of age. Since you are 20 years old and your father is also 5'2", your maximum height has probably already been reached. The honest truth is that 5' 2" is an acceptable height. The laws of genetics sometimes provide for traits that can vary greatly from sibling to sibling. In my own family, there were six (6) boys. Three of them had brown colored eyes while the other three (3) had green eyes. Blood types were also evenly divided between O and A. Two (2) of the brothers were five (5") inches taller than the other four (4) brothers. You can see a endocrinologist about any recent developments in the field of growth. This specialist in diagnosing and treating hormonal issues, may assess your height and make recommendations based on current medical science. HGH is a drug that is available used to treat children who are short of stature. My last remembrance is that the FDA has not granted approval for HGH to be prescribed for adults unless they have some other acceptable medical condition besides the short stature condition. This medication also comes with many potential side effects and can cost between $10,000.00 and $30,000.00 for treatment. It may not seem fair right now to be 5'2" at 20 years old. But most other people don't really care about that one (1) physical trait. As times goes by and your comfort level as an adult increases, you'll also feel very comfortable with being 5"2" tall.  No, do not reduce your 20 mg. dosage. The prescribing doctor should be alerted to your side effects. Atorvastatin is used to treat high cholesterol and prevent heart attacks. It is never a good idea to change medication, the dosage, or its frequency without your physician's approval. The doctor can assess your adverse symptoms and conclusively determine whether Atorvastatin or something else is causing the problem. If this medication does produce unwanted side effects for you, many other comparable medications are available.  Losing weight is a challenge. Although it seems that you're doing every right, your body thinks that it's being starved and goes into a metabolic slowdown. I suggest the "Weight Watchers" website as a good place to start your dieting process anew. Their website has meal planning and dieting hints. The cost to join is reasonable and all tasks necessary to be successful can be accomplished on-line. Their foods are available in most larger supermarkets and have literally hundreds of food choices. Weight Watchers has a point system assigned to different foods which makes even dining out in restaurants possible. Books, new and used, are available on- line for Weight Watcher (including books that detail point values for many foods) to ensure that you're following the program correctly. I have no personal interest in Weight Watchers except to share the best dieting information that is available. Of all the major diet plans, Weight Watchers consistently has the highest satisfaction ratings. Even my doctor, whom I have known for 25 years, recommends Weight Watchers to his patients. As far as pills and medications go, most seem to be just fads that ultimately fail the dieting individual. One newer supplement, Garcinia Cambogia, shows some promising results from anecdotal accountings by its users. - Your exercise time seems to acceptable for weight loss and ultimate weight maintenance. I would obtain some information on exercising to lose weight through books and pamphlets available on - line. Even though you're investing what appears to be the correct time to exercising, it is important to do the exercises that will work best for your dieting objectives. Walking is a great way to burn calories. Walking also has the additional benefits of viewing spring flowers, the sky, and the birds. Don't forget to stop and talk with the neighbors. It is therapeutic to forge new friendships that will support your dieting program. - My first step before starting any dieting program would be to receive medical clearance and recommendations from my doctor. - You may also consider joining a support group to bolster your knowledge about dieting and hear success stories from other people just like us that lost weight. It can be done.  Although I do not know your age, number of years drinking, or your normal alcohol intake, it sounds like you'll be ok this time. But if the discomfort persists for more than 48 hours, then a visit to the doctor is justified. Alcohol is a caustic drug. Bloating and minor abdominal pain may be the first symptoms that your liver is being assaulted. In time a liver will become fatty with chronic alcohol consumption.. Some heavy drinkers will eventually develop liver scaring and be diagnosed with cirrhosis which can be deadly. I respectfully recommend that you listen to your body, and take a serious and honest inventory of your heavy drinking episode as it may ultimately impact your overall future health. Below is a link to a WebMD article describing the effects of alcohol on the body http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/features/12-health-risks-of-chronic-heavy-drinking   The parietal bones make up the top portion of the cranium. A direct blow can cause serious problems such as brain damage and skull fractures. Some symptoms seen with parietal bone injuries include difficulty in processing sensory information, and balance problems with a loss of coordination. No two individuals are affected in the same manner with this injury and the symptoms may vary depending on which side of the brain was injured (each side of the brain controls different functions). Your symptoms are probably not just a coincidence, but are instead a direct response to brain trauma. It is recommended that you be medically assessed and seek an immediate evaluation at the local hospital's emergency room.  There is no doubt about it, some of the disease signs listed in your question are seen in patients with a diagnosis of Multiple Sclerosis. But collectively those same complaints may be seen with other disorders such as stroke. Typically, MS symptoms first occur during the ages of 20-40 years old. These symptoms usually start, will go into a remission stage, and then spontaneously reappear. Only you know if these MS disease features exist, and if you have additional symptoms not listed in your question. At this point in time, all possible medical diagnoses remain on the table for consideration.That includes MS. I suggest that you make an appointment with the family doctor. That individual will know your unique demographics, medical history, lab testing findings, and can possibly refer you to a neurologist or other specialists. I hope that you'll feel better soon..   It is worth a visit to see your doctor. Blood in the stools may be due to rather innocuous reasons such as straining, gastrointestinal infection, or hemorrhoids. The blood can also be symptomatic of a serious condition such as cancer. With colon cancer, as well as many other medical problems, the sooner that a problem is diagnosed and treatment begun, the better the odds are to have a positive outcome. Even though you no longer see blood in your stool, it still may be present but not observable with the naked eye. Your doctor can request an Occult Blood Study of your stool specimen to be examined under the microscope and put your mind at ease.  I would take the baby in black could mean problem, but the dirrhea lasting that long could be causing dehydration and that could lead to other problems. The doctor can check the stool and take action if dehydration is really involved.  Part 2: Whenever I get made fun of or someone is disappointed in me, or even if someone says, "well, it could be done a tad bit better" I get really sad and sometimes cry. I dont like being the fault at things. Whenever I have a friend who is a guy, I always believe we are dating so I get jealous and start to be clingy.... (NOT A BOYFRIEND) I get frustrated very quickly and have major temper issues. My friends get mad at me sometimes because my moods are like a bomb. I have really bad mood swings... So, do you think I have Histrionic Personality Disorder?  Yes, get another opinion from a retinal specialist. Also get treatment options.  The X-ray may show bursitis it is extremely painfully so no it is not a wast of time. I'm no doctor but that's how they found bursitis in my hip and shoulders..  I wouldnt do the walk. Find a ride or reschedual(sp) I have sprained my ancles several times & the dr orders are always the same "secure it & stay off it''  & yes to the crutches  The low estrogen level could be the result of stress hormones on the brain and not early menopause. Depression can cause alterations in the complex interaction of hormones that result in monthly periods. Restoring balance into your life by treating depression might be all you need to regularize your periods. Yet, other hormones should also be analyzed. Simple blood or urine test are needed to determine whether this is the result of depression or something directly hormonal.... Premature Ovarian Failure, Elevated Prolactin levels, Thyroid disease etc Occasionally, more specialized stimulation test are needed, as is a referral to a hormone specialist such as an Endocrinologist or Reproductive Endocrinologist. For now, protecting your bones is utterly important until a definite diagnosis is made. A diet rich in Calcium , Vitamin D and estrogen are considerations to prevent bone loss and restore periods. Birth control is an option given your age, but a more intensive evaluation is needed first .  It's anyone's guess why her doctor requested she come into the office. If only a thyroid blood test were done at the laboratory, then it seems that the results are likely abnormal. But this is not unusual. The dose of thyroid hormone replacement can vary as we age and she may simply need an adjustment of her dose. Her doctor will want to ask her a few questions to make sure that your wife isn't taking other medications that would interfere with the absorption or metabolism of her thyroid pills. Medications such as iron in multivitamins or an antacid tablet could alter her blood tests. Typically the tests are straightforward, but as a physician you want to make sure that there's not something else going on before making an adjustment to a medication she's been taking for some years.  Home pregnancy tests can help you determine if you are pregnant before the first day of your next scheduled period. Some detect the hormones of pregnancy around four to six days before your next period. Some home pregnancy tests are labeled as being extremely sensitive, however these vary by brand. It's probably best to speak to your local pharmacist about the specifics of each of these over- the- ounter products to help you detect pregnancy as early as possible.  I am 29 yrs old and have also been experiencing very thin hair, embarrassing thin hair in the front and top of my scalp, as well as lowered sex drive. I've had blood tests for thyroid and low hormones and all tests came back "normal" but I still feel there is a big unanswered question. I've also been told that stress and pain in the body can cause this, so maybe life is stressing you out a bit more than you may be willing to acknowledge??? I know I deny being stressed out! However, I am searching for more concrete answers just like you so if you find any helpful information to share, please do!! Sincerely, CC from S.B.  Possibly, MS  No, it is not normal. Have you had your blood pressure checked recently? Do you have any edema (swelling) in your legs? I think you need to call your doctor as soon as possible.  Hi. I have the same height but my weight is 60kg. My weight used to be 60kg and lost for about 5kg in 1 month. I still maintained my fitness but stopped relying on the weight scale. After 3 months, I checked my weight and gained 5kg again but still have the same waistline when I lost some weight. This could probably the muscle gain.  Ultimately she is responsible for her own mental health and life. Bipolar doesn't go away ever, and she will have to learn to monitor and control herself so that her moods don't run her life. There are 12-step programs for Adult Children of Alcoholics (and other dysfunction such as perfectionism, hyper-religiosity and any kind of abuse). She needs to know that her own out-of-control tendencies (anger, indiscriminate sex, any addiction including shopping, among others) are not acceptable behaviors (learn to communicate without fighting) and start working on herself. You can be supportive, but you can't do the work for her. She is not good mother material so I would avoid even thinking about it until she has proven she can get herself under control. A bipolar person is unstable, and instability is not what a child needs to thrive in all ways, including emotionally.  If a healthy couple want to get pregnant and trying to conceive then normally it will take 12 months to get pregnant. But if a couple didn't achieve then there is any issue like infertility in men or women. And one can treat it by having FDA Approved Clomid or Clomiphene Citrate from any of the online pharmacy like, Meds247online.  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  If you feel uneasy or uncomfortable, it is always best to consult your doctor. It's better to be safe, than sorry. Goodluck! :)  BLOOD PRESSURE You should see a doctor...  I've suffered from migraines for years. Medication has helped, but by far the best thing I ever did was go on a gluten-free diet about 4 months ago. Since then, I've had only 1 (one) migraine - hallelujah!  My 7-year old boy has the same issue. Did your neurologist find anything?  Here's what your doctor is looking for: A social smile (as early as 6 weeks of age) - recognizing your face and smiling at you in response Tracking with her eyes - smoothly from one side to the other Cooing - adding vowel sounds (oohs and aahs)  Its estimated that 3,500 calories is the theoretical amount necessary to lose 1 pound of fat. To put this in perspective, you will need to create a deficit of 500 calories per day to lose 1 pound per week (again, theoretically). This deficit can come from either eating less, expending calories through exercise, or a combination of both. A healthy weight loss rate is 1 to 2 pounds per week; or 10% of your body weight over the course of 6 months. A common mistake that people make is to not continually recalculate their calorie needs. Keep in mind that as you lose weight, you will need to readjust your calorie intake accordingly. Do not go below 1,200 calories per day, however, without medical supervision. If you hit a plateau and arent seeing weight loss, adjust your calorie intake or be more stringent with eating healthier. Changes in the gym that can help break through a plateau include:  increasing the amount of time you spend per exercise session  increasing the number of days per week you exercise  increasing the intensity level of the exercise  changing the type of exercise altogether Its always best to consult with your doctor or a registered dietitian when making changes to your diet or beginning an exercise routine. There are lots of websites and phone apps available to help you calculate your calorie needs and to use for food/exercise journaling though. I recommend the Food and Fitness Planner on WebMD, available here: http://www.webmd.com/diet/food-fitness-planner/default.htm .  Gluten is a protein found in wheat and grain products. People on a gluten-free diet often avoid wheat, rye, and barley; though there is also debate on whether to avoid oats as well. A gluten-free diet allows for fresh fruits, vegetables, meat/poultry/fish, and many dairy products. Unprocessed beans and nuts are also acceptable, as well as products made with rice, corn, and soy. If not buying fresh food, its important to always read food labels to look for foods specifically labeled as gluten-free. For example, foods like cereal, bread, and lunch meat may or may not contain gluten, so the only way to know for sure is to check the packaging. The food industry can use gluten in many products that don't seem like they would contain gluten, so it's important to always read the label first. Having a family history of food allergies could mean that your granddaughter may have a genetic predisposition to having food allergies as well. It may be beneficial for her to try an elimination diet to identify any food allergies, sensitivities, or intolerances that she may have. The basic premise of this eating plan is to initially restrict eating to very basic foods and then to gradually reincorporate more foods. The person doing this can then better discern which foods trigger a negative response when added back into their diet. Review this WebMD article for more information on elimination diets and also consult with a doctor or registered dietitian before implementing drastic dietary changes.  There doesnt seem to be a definitive answer in regards to what time of day will provide the most weight loss benefit from exercise. For you, the best time of day is going to be whatever helps you in establishing a consistent routine. It helps to make exercise as convenient and enjoyable as possible for yourself so that its easier for you to stay on track. I would suggest experimenting with doing exercise at different times of day to see what works best for you. Are you enough of a morning person to commit to waking up early? Early morning exercise is great, but it may not be good for you if you end up sleep deprived or if youre prone to hitting the snooze button and end up skipping exercise sessions. Is it possible to exercise during a lunch break for a mid-afternoon energy boost? What about after work, or are you too tired from a long, hard day of work and just want to relax? Late-afternoon or early evening exercise works well for some, but may be a challenge if you have other after-work obligations or commitments that might interfere. Does exercising too late in the evening affect your sleep or cause you to have insomnia? Ultimately, the best time of day for you to exercise is going to be specific to what meets your needs and what works best with your schedule and lifestyle. The best thing to do is to find a time that helps to establish a consistent exercise routine.  Sometimes the scale doesnt accurately reflect whats really happening with your body. Keep in mind that your weight can fluctuate naturally throughout the course of a day. Consider if youve eaten, used the restroom, or how well hydrated you are; all of which have a physical weight to them that can influence the number on the scale. Seeing a change like loss of inches can be a great indicator of progress. See if you notice a more toned appearance or more muscle definition as well. Also, check to see if your clothes fit differently, such as by dropping pants sizes, having to take a belt in more notches, or shirts being loose or not as tight. These changes in body composition can be viewed as more favorable than actual weight loss recorded on a scale. I wholly encourage you to not just view your progress through solely what the scale shows alone. If you do weigh yourself, however, it may be best to limit yourself to once per week just so that you can notice any weight loss trends, but not enough to where youre obsessing over the numbers. Keep the timing of when you weigh yourself the same to establish consistency, probably first thing in the morning to help take away confounding variables.   I would see a Nerologist.I may not have spelled that correct. but they help with nerve problems.  Most Effective Weight Loss exercise is Kickboxing. I love this format of exercise is Aerobics. So please Join Aerobics Center in Delhi. http://www.aptitudefit.com/zumba.html  A woman getting an erection "just like a man" is a physical impossibility. The woman would need a penis, thereby making her not a woman but a man.  It is really important if you have a lot of moles and freckles and have had exposure to sun over the time, which is what freckles imply, that you have a regular skin cancer screening. There are lots of ways that you can have a free screening done, and you can try going to your local hospital and see if they have annual skin cancer screenings that are for free and have your moles checked that way, and then if anything looks suspicious, the doctor will recommend that you see a dermatologist to have that mole removed.  You can become allergic to the ink at any time, or any medicine that you are taking also. You can become allergic to it even though you have been on it for a very long time. So if you are having a reaction, one thing is that it could be an allergic reaction, but it could also just be something that is occurring in the area of the tattoo that has something to do with the tattoo, but because there is pigment there, you can't really see the skin clearly. So I would say that this is one time that even though you don't have insurance, it is worth seeing a dermatologist to have the area evaluated, to make sure that the skin is otherwise healthy. Oftentimes with a simple cream, they can knock out that allergic reaction, if that's what it is, or the hypersensitivity reaction, another way of calling it, or do a biopsy to see if there is anything else going on in that area that might be more serious, that might need to be treated.  It's really important to have an aesthetic physician, which would be a dermatologist or a plastic surgeon to do these techniques and these treatments in order to have the most natural lasting results. These are treatments that are very technique sensitive. We have great ingredients. But they have to be done in the proper way, in the proper plane of the skin, so sometimes it's more superficial and sometimes it's deeper in the skin. We used different products for different parts of the face. So it is really important to see a doctor that you feel comfortable with to do these injections for you.  If you have a new or changing birthmark/mole, if a lesion (may look like a bug bite or scratch) has not healed within three weeks, if a rash is painful or spreading, especially if it starts after taking a new medication.  Everyone should have an annual skin exam by a dermatologist, more often if you see any new or changing lesions/moles/birthmarks.  If the burn covers over 10% of your body surface area or is blistering, you should see a dermatologist or go to the emergency room immediately.  If you have doubts, see your dermatologist.  There are several factors that cause the face to age. Genetics account for 20%-30% and the rest is environmental factors -- sun, smoking, stress, diet, and other lifestyle factors. There are many procedures that can help rejuvenate the skin. The best approach is a combination of Botox, soft tissue fillers, and laser as appropriate. It is important to use appropriate topical products/treatments to even out the skin tone, Botox helps soften and even eliminate certain wrinkles and can even lift the brows. Soft tissue fillers add volume in a very natural way when done correctly and are so important in the rejuvenation process. These treatments are typically done over several visits and the results can last for years.  If you have a new or changing birthmark/mole, if a lesion (may look like a bug bite or scratch) has not healed within three weeks, if a rash is painful or spreading, especially if it starts after taking a new medication.  Everyone should have an annual skin exam by a dermatologist, more often if you see any new or changing lesions/moles/birthmarks.  If the burn covers over 10% of your body surface area or is blistering, you should see a dermatologist or go to the emergency room immediately.  Do you still have your appendix? If so, you should go to the ER.  I have not taken that specific drug but I have taken almost all of the drugs on the market. Unfortunately, it will depend on how your body is able to come down from that specific drug. The worst withdrawel I ever had was Effexor, the body discards the drugs in stages and it took months for the side effects to be gone. Good Luck !!!  OMG NO, NO Go see your Doctor immediately, LIKE NOW !!!!  As much as you'll probably hate to hear this, you really need to see a doctor. Are you eating well/enough? The symptoms you listed could be any number of things, simple or serious. You really need to see someone that can go through all the possibilities and can do some tests.  The worms aren't really "spread through the house", but yes, you can get worms from your pets, especially children, because they are very hands-on and don't wash as often/well as most adults. A child playing outside may touch "contaminated" dirt where the cat has eliminated waste and then later touch their mouth and can contract the worms that way. Make sure you're very clean/careful when handling the litter box and wash your hands well afterward.  I hope you told your doctor you did not stop the Geodon ( HCL) when you switched over to Latuda ( HCL). Because both of these medications are in a class called "atypical antipsychotics," it means they both work in a similar fashion. When you take both of them at the same time, it has an effect not unlike doubling the dosage. Taking too much of these types of medications can cause serious side effects. I urge you to contact your doctor before you do any more tapering of the Geodon dose. Your healthcare provider needs this information in order to treat you appropriately if you experience any side effects from reducing the Geodon dosage. If you're having trouble sleeping, your healthcare provider should address that as a separate issue. You should not self-medicate your sleep issues by taking medications not prescribed for that purpose. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. Burns can be so painful! First, I want to suggest you stop using hydrogen peroxide on your burn area. It won't help, and it could actually keep the wound from healing in. All you need to do to clean the burn is use cool water and plain soap. Gently pat dry. Then apply an antibiotic ointment. Your choice of Neosporin is great! You can keep the burn covered, if you'd like. Please do not self-medicate with oral antibiotics. These medications should be taken only as directed by your health care provider for the specific infection they were prescribed for. An oral antibiotic may not even be necessary for a burn. You didn't say how long ago you sustained this burn, but you certainly could make an appointment with your primary care provider to take a look at it. He or she will be able to better assess the wound and advise you how to care for it. I hope you feel better soon!   is an antidepressant medication, and the abrupt discontinuation of any antidepressant drug can cause severe side effects. Please don't do it. I'm not sure if you believe the cramping in your toes and calves could be caused by your citalopram use or not, but it's doubtful these things are related -- especially if you've been taking citalopram for awhile. Also, severe cramping in the toes and calves does not constitute , which is the uncontrollable jerking of muscles, as in a seizure. If you feel you're having side effects from taking citalopram, please talk to your health care provider about whether or not you need an antidepressant medication. If you do, you certainly can switch to something different. However, no one who needs medication for depression should go without it. Untreated depression can lead to very poor quality of life. Wishing you well!  This is a question you should be asking your medical provider. If the medical provider administering the rabies shots did not recommend your husband receive the shots, as well, then I think that answers your question. If you didn't already ask this question of the medical provider, then by all means do so. Becoming infected with is rare, though it's more common in developing areas of the world. Human-to-human transmission of rabies is extremely rare, so your husband probably is not at risk. But, again, I want to emphasize you should consult your health care provider immediately to find out if your husband should receive the rabies shots or not. Sorry you're going through this!  No, this is not OK. Yes, you should see a doctor or psychotherapist or psychiatrist. is very common, and there are many very good medications available these days to treat it. The same is true of , which might be what you're experiencing and which could cause the shortness of breath, nausea, and stomachache you describe. You are not alone in your feelings. Many people experience the same things, which I hope brings you comfort. A doctor can help you figure out what's going on and suggest treatment for you. You deserve to live a happy, full, fulfilled life.You're worth it. Personally, I do not believe in taking antidepressants without "talk therapy" (also called cognitive therapy). I think you might benefit from a combination of both, and I encourage you to seek this help. I wish you all the best!  The short answer is this: Yes, you should see a doctor. You could have a cyst, a lipoma, or something else. Your best bet is to have this examined by an appropriate health care provider, such as a dermatologist, though you can simply go see your primary care provider if necessary. Unfortunately, we can't diagnose a skin lesion like this via the internet. And if it's an infected cyst or something, you'll need to have it drained because it won't clear up on its own. Best to you!  Well, I hope you understand that taking female hormones, alone, will never physically change your genitalia to that of a woman. In other words, you will still have a penis and scrotum. However, female hormones will gradually feminize your appearance, and you will grow breasts. As I say, this is a gradual process. It doesn't happen overnight. More like weeks to months. If you're transgender (as I'm assuming you are), I hope you're under the care of a trusted medical professional. I've had the privilege of working with many transgender patients, and I know that products circulate illicitly within the community. I would urge you not to attempt to use female hormones without medical supervision. You don't necessarily know what you're getting with some of those black market products, products purchased from websites, and so on. If you under the care of a medical professional, good for you! He or she should be able to help guide you through the complexities of changing genders. I wish you all the best on this journey!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It's not uncommon to mistake one medication for another. It happens to the best of us. It sounds like you did everything right. You flushed your eye and sought medical attention. It would not be uncommon for you to have a dry, swollen feeling in the lower lid after placing campho-phenique in the eye. You don't say how long ago this happened. It's possible the situation will clear up. You can continue lubricating the eye with plain saline eye drops such as "Nature's Tears" brand, Bausch & Lomb brand saline drops for sensitive eyes, or any generic brand of sterile saline solution. Do not use plain tap water, as this will only irritate the eye further. If the problem doesn't get better within a week of the time you sought medical attention, you might make an appointment with an ophthalmologist (a medical doctor who treats eye problems) or your primary care provider to get re-evaluated. I hope you feel better soon!  It means you should go see your primary care doctor to find out what's going on here. Since you've been off the amitriptyline for three weeks, the medication should be totally out of your system. That means your symptoms must be due to something else. You need a physical examination and possibly some lab work to figure this out. It's not surprising the vaginal pain returned after you stopped the amitriptyline, since vulvodynia is a chronic condition. Hopefully you'll find something else that works to treat it without side effects. Wishing you well!  It's certainly possible you have . However, the fact you see "black holes" seems to indicate you have intact blood clots. On the other hand the bad taste you describe is consistent with a dry socket. However, having such severe pain 6 days after wisdom tooth extraction seems unusual. I'd suggest you call your dentist to find out if this is normal. He or she may "work you in" with an appointment to take a peek and make sure you aren't having any complications. Feel better soon!  Generally, when we talk about "fluid" in the shoulder, we're talking about , which is inflammation of one or more tiny bursa sacs that help lubricate the shoulder joint. The fluid in question usually is excessive fluid within the bursa sac. If it turns out you have bursitis, chances are your primary care provider will deal with it. Usually, the main treatment for bursitis is rest and possibly physical therapy. Surgery normally isn't indicated for bursitis. Hope this helps!  I believe you're thinking of . However, I want to caution you that an infant of just three weeks of age is far too young to diagnose with this condition. Angelman syndrome is a genetic disorder. It's true one of the hallmarks of the disorder is a happy disposition. However, the main characteristics of this disease are developmental delays, learning disabilities, the inability to speak, and poor coordination of voluntary movements. Obviously, a 3-week-old baby is much too young to assess for any of these symptoms. A three week old baby is not yet expected to sleep through the night. Regarding not eating well, this is an issue that should be discussed with the baby's pediatrician. He or she is in the best position to judge whether or not the baby is getting adequate calories. Many three week old babies smile when spoken to. This is a time to enjoy your grandbaby as she responds to stimulation like being spoken to, gently blown on, and cuddled. Try not to jump to the conclusion something is wrong with your grandbaby. Let the mother and the doctor determine whether or not your little angel is gaining weight and developing appropriately to her age. Best wishes to you!  I'm sorry to hear your son went through that. I'm sure it was quite distressing. The technical term for what your son experienced is " ." This happens to many people when they are about to get poked with a needle. A vasovagal attack is the most common cause of fainting. What happened to your son will have no lasting health effect. He should be fine. Your son can help prevent this from happening in the future by letting medical personnel know he has fainted in the past from a needle stick. It is nothing to be ashamed of. When we know of this in advance, we can help patients to relax and avoid fainting during a procedure. Your son also should focus on taking slow, deep breaths the next time he has to have blood drawn. This will help him avoid fainting. Wishing you well!  Honestly, the only way to diagnose strep is through a lab test. Even if all the signs (like throat redness) and symptoms (like soreness) are there, it still may not be strep. Even "white spots" in the back of the mouth are no guarantee it's a case of strep. is almost always accompanied by fever. Are you using a thermometer to measure your son's temperature, or are you relying on the old hand-to-the-forehead method? It's very important to use a thermometer when assessing fever. I mention this because it never ceases to amaze me how many people do not have this basic tool in their medicine cabinets. Keep in mind, also, if you're giving your son acetaminophen (Tylenol) to ease the pain of the sore throat, this could cause him to register a "normal" temperature on the thermometer (because acetaminophen is a fever-reducer). Instead of speculating about what might be going on with your son, I suggest you take him to his pediatrician. Since the problem has been going on for nearly a week, it's not a bad idea to get medical attention. I hope your little boy feels better soon! Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this. It's always scary when we have a problem with our eyes! The first thing to clarify is this: Is it your actual eyeball that's twitching? Or is it your eyeLID? Twitching of the eyelid is called and is quite common. It tends to come and go, as you described. It can get worse and more frequent from time to time, and then clear up for long periods. Stress, fatigue, and caffeine are common culprits of blepharospasm. If it's your eyeball that's twitching, that would be more worrisome, to me. When a person's eyeballs twitch, it's usually both of them. If your eyeball, itself, is the problem, I'd advise you to see a doctor. I realize you said you don't have insurance, but most communities have free or low-cost health care clinics. You could start by getting checked at one of those, just to calm any fears you may have about this situation. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're experiencing this. I don't know what's causing this situation, but I'd have it checked out if I were you, especially because you obviously have concerns about it (I would, too). It could be something minor, but then again you may have injured that delicate tissue somehow. If that's the case, a gynecologist can tell you if it needs to be treated. I'd recommend calling today for an appointment with your GYN to find out what's going on. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear about your accident. Ouch! I certainly would suggest you get this checked out. It sounds like you might have a . Concussions can vary from mild to severe. If you're having pain around one eye, my concern would be that you damaged some of the delicate structures around your eye socket. That definitely deserves to be checked by a medical professional, as well as getting an assessment of your head injury in general. Because this happened over a week ago, I don't necessarily think you need to go to an emergency room. I'd suggest phoning your primary care provider and explaining the situation so they work you in as soon as possible. If they can't get you in within a day or two, then I guess I'd suggest you head for an urgent care. I mean, on the one hand this doesn't sound like an "emergency" anymore, but on the other hand it probably needs to get checked out sooner rather than later. Just for future reference, if you ever hit your head hard enough to black out, even for a moment, or if you experience dizziness, fuzzy memory, nausea, or any of the other , you should go to the emergency room. I wish you all the best and hope you feel better soon!  In case you didn't know it, isn't caused by a worm, at all. Ringworm is actually a skin fungus, just like athlete's foot or jock itch. You can get ringworm in a variety of ways, from sharing a towel with someone who's infected to touching damp surfaces that carry the fungus. The fungus that causes ringworm thrives in warm, damp environments, which is why it's frequently acquired in places like public pool common areas. To your question: You could catch ringworm from your friend even if you didn't touch the lesion. The reason is because the fungus could be infecting other areas of your friend's skin but not showing the characteristic ring mark yet. If you have thoroughly washed and DRIED the skin areas that came in contact with your friend, you're probably not going to get ringworm. However, be careful not to share any sports gear or towels with your friend, and be sure to wear flip-flops or other foot protection if you all are bathing in a common shower area or something like that. By the way, ringworm will not clear up on its own. It needs to be treated with an anti-fungal preparation. Your friend can try using an over-the-counter cream for athlete's foot (the generic name is miconazole), but if that doesn't help or if the ringworm starts spreading, your friend should seek medical attention. In rare instances, ringworm is best treated with a prescription medication. Hope this helps!  This must feel very distressing. I hope to at least offer some reassurance. is not uncommon. That said, I do think you should either return to your health care provider for follow-up testing or see a different doctor. The benefit of returning to the provider you saw last time is that he or she has your medical history and past test results for comparison. Many conditions, including thyroid issues, can cause hair loss. Just because they didn't show up on your lab work a year ago doesn't mean they won't show up now. You also should know that there is a condition called "female pattern baldness" that affects a number of women, but this doesn't usually show up until a woman reaches her 40s. I wish you all the best in finding out why your lovely locks are falling out!  I think you're probably referring to a twitchy eyelid, which is medically referred to as . Blepharospasm is a very common condition. It is not serious in any way. Often, stress can trigger blepharospasm, so you might ask yourself if you've been unusually stressed lately. Even if you haven't, blepharospasm can come out of the blue for no reason. It usually goes away just as quickly and unexpectedly. If you're talking about your actual eyeball twitching, that's another story. You should see an eye doctor to determine what is causing this to happen. Involuntary eyeball movement can signal an underlying condition that requires treatment by a medical doctor. Wishing you well!  So sorry to hear you're going through this. Pain in the left arm and the back is always concerning, in terms of whether it could be heart related. If you are a woman, please read about the possible symptoms of a heart attack, which can include pain in the left shoulder and back, along with weakness on that side. If you are a man or a woman and are experiencing any of , please get checked out by a health care provider right away: Chest pain, discomfort or heaviness Pain or discomfort radiating to the back, jaw or throat Sweating, nausea, vomiting or dizziness Extreme weakness, anxiety, or shortness of breath Rapid or irregular heartbeats Now, all that said, it's also possible you're suffering from a pinched nerve or muscle strain. Nonetheless, if the pain persists, gets worse, or if you begin experiencing other symptoms, please see a health care provider as soon as possible.  When you look at your eyes in the mirror, you see three basic colors: the white of your eyeball, the colored part of the iris, and the black of the pupil. Let's look at these in a little more detail. Everyone's eyeball is white. It's just how they're made. Everyone's pupil is black because the pupil is actually an opening that allows light to go inside the eyeball. The pupil looks black because there's no light inside the eye to illuminate it. If there were, the pupil might look bright white or even orange, as if it were glowing. Wouldn't that be cool? The iris is the colored part of the eyeball. The iris is not a muscle, but it does expand and contract to control the size of your pupil (and, by extension, how much light gets inside your eye). The color of your iris is genetically determined. Genetics is complex business, so I won't go into it here. Suffice it to say you can't use any product to lighten, darken or otherwise change the color of your iris. The color is "hard-coded" into your DNA. If you are unhappy with the color of your eyes, the only way to change it is with contact lenses. That said, I would tell you not to obsess over your eye color. There's no such thing as "too dark" or "too light." Beauty is in the eye of the beholder (pun intended). Try to love your eye color, because it is absolutely unique in the universe. Wishing you well!  If you have ever been told you have an and are experiencing abdominal pain, then you should seek immediate medical treatment. Here are the . If you have sudden, severe abdominal pain (especially if it's a "tearing" sensation in the upper-right quadrant of the abdomen), an extreme drop in blood pressure (as evidenced by dizziness, paleness, and a sudden increase in your heart rate), or sudden confusion and weakness, you should call 911 immediately. Otherwise, call your cardiologist right away and tell them your AAA may be symptomatic. They should get you an appointment quickly. You are right to rule out AAA as soon as possible. I wish you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. How awful! I'd suggest you make an appointment with a psychotherapist. What you're describing sounds like , and it may take more than medication to address this issue. may not even be the best medication for your situation. It's true clonazepam is prescribed for anxiety attacks, but it's clearly not working. There are other medications available. Furthermore, your situation may require a more well-rounded approach that includes cognitive (talk) therapy to address the issues that are triggering your panic attacks due to driving. Please don't feel shy about seeking out psychotherapist. It's often the case that just a few sessions can significantly improve conditions like yours that involve a single activity that causes panic. Meanwhile, take care while driving. You're doing the right thing by pulling over as needed. If possible, take public transportation or carpool with a co-worker until your panic attacks subside. I wish you all the best!  If you're talking about silent acid reflux from the stomach, then the answer to your question is an Ear, Nose & Throat doctor. However, your primary care provider should be able to get you started on the path to diagnosis. Your question was categorized under "vision," so if you're referring to a different type of reflux, please respond and I'll try to get you a better answer! For an overview of silent reflux, which is also called laryngopharyngeal reflux, check out on WebMD. It's worth noting silent reflux is highly treatable. Adults can self-treat the problem by: Losing weight Quitting smoking Avoiding alcohol Raising the head of the bed ...among other things. But your best bet is to get a thorough medical assessment, starting with your primary care provider and then moving on to a specialist if necessary. Good luck!  Good question. It's always kind of questionable whether or not to treat a suspected broken toe, isn't it? If the toe is crooked or grossly deformed, then I'd suggest you really ought to see a doctor at least to set it properly. If it's a severe break, a doctor can give you some options for fixing it, ranging from splinting to surgery. He or she also can tell you what long-term consequences you may face from fixing the break versus not fixing it. It also depends a little bit on which toe you're talking about. If you think you broke your big toe, it's probably worth a trip to the doctor because the big toe is the most important one when it comes to walking. If you're talking about your pinky toe and it's not grossly deformed, you might be able to get away with simply taping it to the adjacent toe in order to splint it. Meanwhile, keep the foot elevated to reduce swelling. As long as you're not allergic to over-the-counter pain relievers, you can take them for the pain. Good luck to you!  Based on your description here, it does sound like you could be having . A visual disturbance prior to the headache is a common . Other symptoms can include: Sensitivity to light or noise Nausea or vomiting Feeling unusually hot or cold Dizziness And that's just a short list. Not everyone who gets a migraine will experience all of these symptoms. Because you said this has happened to you twice, I'd suggest consulting a medical professional. You can start with your primary care provider. While the symptoms you're describing can, indeed, be caused by migraine, your health care provider will want to rule out any other potential causes. If it does turn out you're experiencing migraines, your doctor can provide you with treatment options. Sorry you're going through this. Headaches of any kind can be a miserable experience!  Sorry to hear you're suffering through this. I think it's probably time for you to seek medical attention. The thing is... it could be your appendix. Or it could be something else entirely. If it is your appendix, and it's inflamed (swollen or possibly infected), it probably won't get better on its own. But then again, it may not be your appendix at all. Could be your gallbladder. Or a hernia. The only way to tell for sure is to get a physical examination. , along with these other symptoms, you need to see a doctor as soon as possible. Think urgent care or emergency room. If you're not running a fever, you might be safe to wait for an appointment with your primary care provider, if you can get in within the next couple of days. Feel better soon!  If you feel that your bladder never completely empties, this is a good reason on its own to see your medical provider. Even if you'd had this evaluated in the past, it's worth continuing to try to find out what's causing your symptoms, especially now that you're seeing particulates in your urine. Your health care provider undoubtedly will want a urine specimen when you go in for your visit, so be sure not to empty your bladder right before your appointment. Your provider also may want to know about other symptoms you may be experiencing, such as fever, sweats, chills, and so on. He or she also may want details about your diet, so be prepared to provide plenty of information about what you eat and drink. In fact, you might keep a log of everything you eat and drink in the week before your appointment. All of this information will give your medical provider clues about what might be causing your symptoms. While it's unlikely your symptoms are caused by any serious illness, I'd suggest you make an appointment with your provider as soon as possible. It sounds like the situation has been going on for some time, and you deserve to get some answers. Wishing you all the best!  You need to call your therapist or a crisis line immediately. If you are having thoughts of hurting yourself, please dial 9-1-1 right now. PTSD can feel impossible to overcome, but you must not give in. You can get better, and you deserve to get better. Please call 911 right now to get some help. I wish you all the best.  I would suggest you have this checked out by a medical professional. I don't think the symptoms you describe have anything to do with the injury to your toe. If the toenail had been severely injured, it would have fallen off by now. Otherwise, any injured area probably would have grown out and been clipped off over the course of a year. Also, a toe injury on one foot obviously wouldn't affect the toe on the other foot. This tells me something else is going on here. And you'll need a physical examination to discover what that "something else" is. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear this elderly lady is going through this. The symptom you describe is worth at least a call to the patient's primary care physician. If she develops sudden difficulty breathing or swelling of the lips or tongue, you need to call 911 for immediate medical attention. If the situation has been going on for some time, this lady needs to be seen by a health care provider. A number of conditions can cause swollen eyelids, and it's important for her to be examined in order to get a correct diagnosis. If the problem came on suddenly, I would suspect an allergic reaction. This could be caused by a new medication, a new soap, an animal in the house, bedbugs, or many other things. If the situation doesn't clear up quickly, then a visit to the doctor is in order. Again: If this lovely elder lady develops any life-threatening symptoms, please seek emergency medical attention immediately. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you've been going through this. Nobody likes being ill! Many different conditions could cause what you're describing. One likely candidate is . Certain types of food poisoning can cause bloody stool. These types often are accompanied by a high fever (over 101F). You should seek medical attention if your symptoms haven't cleared up within a few days. If this is, indeed, food poisoning, it probably will go away on its own. Meanwhile, you need to be sure to drink plenty of fluids to avoid becoming dehydrated. Assuming you're otherwise healthy, I often recommend half-strength Gatorade or a few glasses of water alternating with one glass of Gatorade to help you stay hydrated and maintain electrolyte balance. One thing you don't want to do is take an over-the-counter anti-diarrhea preparation. If this does turn out to be food poisoning, diarrhea is your body's way of getting rid of the toxin. So, if things don't clear up within a few days, see a health care professional before you think about treating yourself. Feel better soon!  I suggest you start with your family physician or primary care provider. He or she can perform an initial evaluation and then refer you to someone else if necessary. I'm not sure why you think you may have multiple sclerosis (MS), but the chances of it are slim. The of MS include: Blurred or double vision Loss of balance Numbness and/or tingling Weakness in the arm or leg Bladder problems Dizziness Fatigue Muscle spasms As you look at that list, you can see all of those symptoms can be explained by medical conditions much less serious than MS. That's one reason why MS is tricky to diagnose. Wishing you well!  You need to seek immediate medical attention. What you're describing could be a symptom of a or . Either one needs to be treated quickly. Obviously, the only way to properly diagnose this problem is to see a healthcare provider, preferably an ophthalmologist. Please call one as soon as possible and describe your symptoms so they will get you a prompt appointment. I wish you all the best with this.  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this, and I'm sorry to hear your physician doesn't have someone covering while he's on vacation. If your mother's blood pressure stays elevated at that level all day long, she should get treatment. Those numbers are too high and, you're right, she's at risk for stroke. I also want to say, however, that as long as your mother understands the risks involved with allowing her blood pressure to remain high, and as long as she is not suffering from dementia or some sort of inability to make her own decisions, she has the right to refuse treatment. Have you discussed with her what her wishes are? Does she understand she could suffer serious consequences, including death, if she doesn't get her blood pressure under control? If she does, then you need to accept her wishes. Have you discussed your mother's wishes with her? It can be a difficult conversation to have, but anyone who's 81 years old needs to discuss these things with his or her loved ones. Perhaps your mother wants every effort made to preserve her life for as long as possible. Or perhaps she wishes to let her life wind down and die as peacefully as possible. Those choices are hers, but they should be communicated to her family. If you aren't comfortable talking with your mom about this, you might consider bringing in a minister, nurse, or social worker to help have this conversation. You're a wonderful daughter, watching out for your mother's health. I wish you both all the best!  I'm sorry you've had a bad experience with the emergency department. Usually, don't require emergency treatment, so there was no harm in your trying to treat this at home. However, the fact you're now experiencing scrotal (swelling of the scrotum) tells me the problem has escalated and you should seek medical attention. If you have red streaks on the skin around the area of the boil, or if you're running a fever, you should see a doctor as soon as possible. If you're not feverish, you could try calling your primary care provider to get an appointment soon. Be sure to let them know what's going on, so they can advise you if it's OK to wait. Hope you get this cleared up soon!  Because you are symptomatic (you have a headache), you should not wait another week to see your doctor. That said, you probably do not need to rush to the emergency room, either. What you need to do is call your doctor's office and tell them your blood pressure has been running high and you have a severe headache. I can assure you your doctor wants to know this. He or she may call you back with instructions for increasing your medication. At the very least, your provider's office will advise you what to do, in terms of bringing you to the office or telling you to seek emergency medical attention. Remember, however, ultimately are in control of your health decisions. If you truly feel this is an emergency situation, you should take action. Wishing you well!  Having a retained object in the rectum is no laughing matter. I understand why you'd feel scared. Women face similar feelings about retaining tampons, so you definitely are not alone. If you're very concerned that the condom is still inside you, your best bet is to seek medical attention. Let me assure you, any health care professional worth their salt will treat your problem with dignity and concern. You need not feel embarrassed about this. If an otherwise healthy person were constipated and retaining stool in the rectum, the obvious answer would be to use a liquid-based laxative, such as magnesium citrate or polyethylene glycol (brand name MiraLax). However, anyone with any medical condition, compromised immune system, or dehydration should not use these preparations without medical supervision. If you experience any abdominal bloating, vomiting, or fever, please seek medical attention immediately. Good luck to you!  In a word: NO. The compound P7C3 is still being tested in mice. It is nowhere near being proven safe or effective for use in human beings. I'm not even sure you can buy this compound anywhere -- not even on the internet. That's probably because it doesn't actually exist as a "medication" yet. But if you do find something in a store or online labeled as P7C3, my advice is . It should not contain actual P7C3, which as I said is experimental, so you'll have no idea what those capsules contain. If P7C3 pans out as something effective for human brains, you can expect to see a pill on the market in 10 years or so. Meanwhile, you can consult the WebMD center for tips on how to maintain a healthy brain. Hope this helps!  I'd say so. It may be something minor, like dryness due to furnace season being upon us or post-nasal drip, but since the symptoms are bugging you and aren't responding to over-the-counter (OTC) remedies, you won't lose anything by seeing the doctor. It could be you have a sinus infection or something else that's treatable. And then you won't be uncomfortable anymore. Best wishes to you!  I'm going to say that unless you're having trouble breathing, you probably do not need to get an X-ray done. It's pretty hard to break a rib from an unintentional punch, though of course anything's possible. Even if the rib is cracked, there's not much treatment for it except to bind it. You might try using a wide compression (Ace) bandage to see if that helps the pain, but don't wrap it excessively tight. Gentle support is fine. Another possibility is that you tore some cartilage between ribs. That can be very painful and, more bad news, can take a long time to heal. This could account for why you're still having pain. The only treatment for this type of injury is rest and time. If the pain gets worse over time instead of better; if you develop a fever, chills, or flu-like symptoms; or if you suddenly have trouble breathing, then it's definitely time to get checked out by a doctor, insurance or no insurance. Otherwise, I think you can take a wait-and-see approach to this. Over-the-counter pain relievers, used according to package directions, might give you some relief, too. I hope you feel better soon!  Unfortunately, it's impossible to diagnose this type of skin problem without doing a physical exam. So many things can cause the type of lesion you're describing, anything from to . Your best bet, if the scaly patch doesn't clear up on its own within a week or two, is to see either your primary care provider or a dermatologist. Either of them should be able to diagnose this and advise you as to treatment, if any. Meanwhile, I would advise not treating this scaly patch with anything other than moisturizer (lotion). I hope you feel better soon!  Great question! And kudos to this strong, 92-year-old lady! The answer to your question is: It might not be a type of dementia at all. I'd suggest you have this lovely lady examined by a health care professional. Several conditions could cause the symptoms you describe. One thing that comes to mind is a (UTI). In the elderly, the symptoms of a UTI can mimic those of dementia or Alzheimer's disease. But UTI is just among many medical possibilities for what this lady is experiencing. The only way to find out for sure is for her to get checked out by a doctor. Best wishes to you both!  It's definitely possible for a girl to get pregnant even if the guy uses a condom. One key piece of information here is: When did you put the condom on? If you inserted your penis in your girlfriend's vagina before putting on the condom, it's possible you impregnated her. That's because pre-ejaculatory fluid ("pre-cum") can contain sperm. If one of those sperm got loose and found an egg, it would make a baby. The only way to tell for sure if your girlfriend is pregnant is for her to take a home pregnancy test. I recommend she do this first thing in the morning, when her urine is the most concentrated. You are correct that stress also can cause a woman's period to be late --or to skip a month altogether. There are many reasons for a woman's cycle to become irregular. Pregnancy and stress are two of those reasons. By the way, I applaud you for practicing safe sex. Even if you believe you already know the correct way to use a condom, I suggest you look over this brief information about it from WebMD on . Correct use of a condom can increase its effectiveness. Wishing you all the best!  Bumps in the genital area can be caused by many sources including, as you already know, the herpes virus. Another potential cause is human papilloma virus (HPV), which often looks like warts. Skin tags and small fatty tumors also can cause bumps in the genital area. However, none of these types of bumps will "wash away" with soap and water. You'd be well-advised to see a physician about this as soon as possible. If, for instance, the bumps you saw are caused by HPV, it means you can transmit the virus to your sexual partners. In any case, you'll sleep better at night finding out exactly what is causing these bumps. Don't be embarrassed to discuss this issue with your health care provider. You can start with your primary care provider. He or she will be able to direct you to a specialist, if needed.  Interestingly, yes, the two things could be related. And you should get this checked out by a doctor as soon as you can. Under certain circumstances, it's possible for the uninjured eye to react to an injury to the opposite eye. This is a condition that needs to be treated because it can get worse. Usually, though, this sort of situation occurs when there's a fairly serious injury to the opposite eyeball itself. Thus, the symptoms you're experiencing in the right eye could indicate a more serious injury than you thought to the left eye. While this isn't an emergency, I'd recommend you see a doctor at your earliest convenience to find out what's going on. No sense taking chances with your vision! Best to you!  Right away.  If you've had sex, then there's always a possibility you could be pregnant. sounds like implantation bleeding to me. My suggestion? get a pregnancy test.  I seen this on another site, hope this helps: This happened to me only a few weeks ago. My off white blinds appeared green! I was scared silly until I found a reasonable explanation from eye doctors on websites. If you sleep in a room with sunlight streaming in, when you awake, your eyes need to adjust from the "red light" that filters through your closed eyelids (I dozed off facing an open window with bright sunlight coming in). Your brain is adjusting when you wake up so for a moment or two, you perceive that opposing greenish tint until it readjusts fully. Mine went away in a moment when I blinked. Some have said it stayed with them for a few minutes. Campers or sunbathers sometimes report this effect after napping outside too. All normal with this scientific explanation. Of course it's probably always a good idea to run it by your doc the next time you have an exam; however, according to my research, no eye diseases are associated with this phenomenon.  I think over using these creams must have caused the irritation. I would suggest you to use natural products for your skin as they have no side effects on your skin. Visit ASYANA at http://www.asyana.com.au to know more about these natural tanning products as they keep your skin hydrated.  I would say you need to. The faster the better. I have the same thing and I know I don't feel good at all.  Here is a couple websites that might help you out. http://www.gastro.com/Gastro/photography/gastroesophageal_junction.aspx http://www.netterimages.com/image/4550.htm  Many individuals struggle with withdrawal symptoms when they quit taking many of the short-acting antidepressants. For this reason, most doctors suggest that patients use a tapering off method for quitting. Please do not quit suddenly or "cold turkey." Tapering means that the amount of the drug taken with each use is reduced overtime. Most doctors suggest that it is not unreasonable for it to take several months of tapering for an individual to completely stop after many years of use. Gallus Detox Center is a private inpatient detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  I used to get mine before my period only lasted a few days  I would check the side effects of all medications you are taking and see if any have those symptoms listed. I just checked my new medications today and some of them say that if I get up too quickly, that I can have the same affects.  Did you figure out how to make your question public?  It is never too late! I am a male, and at 57 I was 50lbs over weight and hadn't done anything like exercise in more than 10 years. I got tired of feeling everything jiggle when I moved at more than a plod and started by paying attention to what I ate and going for a walk every day.  Go online, or go to a place that sells glasses! Bring a subscription!  The reaction to photosensitivity is similar to sunburn. The medication makes you more susceptible to burning when exposed to UV rays. There should not be any interference with your vision. If there is, you should consult your local pharmacist about the particular antibiotic that you are taking to see if there is a vision-related side effect associated with the medication.  maybe  PTSD can be a very serious matter. I live on a Air Force base and I have had a few friends commit suicide and it's very tough to go through. I'm no expert but this is just my advice. Make sure your friend knows she can talk to you about anything and don't pry but let her know you are worried about her and you want to help. You can also read up and be well knowledged about PTSD and how to help her because facts do help. Also reassure her there is no shame in asking for help. There is a certain percentage of people who have anxiety and depression and don't get help for it end up committing suicide, so without pressing the issue but let her know you care about her and help her get some help.   I don't blame you for wantin to be cautious, but for what it's worth, I've been using it (the Man1 Man Oil, I mean) for a few months, and it does a great job for me. (A friend told me I should use it, that's how I found out about it.) My doctor says I have really sensitive skin on my member, and it can get real dried out and scaly and stuff,m but not since I been using this. Go for it!      Ask him to take Nexium - http://www.choicechemist.com/nexium if the problem continues. However this should be done only on a doctor's advise.  Go immediately to your physician and make sure you don't have a tubal pregnancy, this is a very serious condition. The fetus is growing outside the fallopian wall rather than growing inside the abdomen. This is an extremely painful condition and will only get worse without proper treatment and is very dangergous for you  I seriously doubt your taking this will stunt the growth of your penis. You could always pull up the medication on line and get a full list of all the side effects it causes. This can be done privately with no embarrassment to you at all. Many young teens have been on medications of this type for years now and it is very common to prescribe these drugs to children with Adhd. These medicatons have now been on the market for so very many years, and I would think by now you would have heard if that was in fact one of the side effects of this medication or other similar type medications. I can certainly understand your concern however, and I know at 16 yrs of age, this is a very sensitive scary thing for you to consider. I would suggest you simply ask your doctor, and you can of course do that, but I suspect you are a bit embarrassed to bring up the subject with your physician,(although you have no reason to be), I do understand that most likely it is not something you want to discuss openly with anyone. So, I suggest you look up the medication on line and get a complete list of any and all side effects. You can do this from the privacy of your home with your computer, or you can simply go to your pharmacy and tell them you want a complete detailed print-out of all side effects that could result from taking your medicine. They will be happy to provide you with a copy of any and all side effects without asking you any questions at all as to why you want a copy of this. I feel after you have read all the side effects in privacy and see that stunting the growth of your penis is not one of them you will feel much better. You are too young to have this worry on your mind when it can easily be taken care of discreetly and privately. Good luck to you  You really need to see your physician. He will most likely refer you to a Neurologist. The numbness and the headache can be serious and should be checked out with an MD immediately  Do a test! personally I have had false negatives in the past but, a false positive is rare! good luck x  If you have dentures, your dentist or prosthodontist will advise you about how often you need to visit, but every 6 months should be the norm. Regular dental visits are important so that your denture and mouth can be examined for proper denture fit, to look for signs of oral diseases including cancer, and to have your teeth professionally cleaned.  I would. It may just be a bruise, but you could have chipped or cracked a bone.  I'm just starting that possibility myself after a probable hiatal hernia visit to the ER with 8/10 pain I don't ever want to have again!  Any time you accidentally get ANYTHING in your eyes calls for an flushing with cold water...sometimes up to 15 minutes of that. You might have waited too long and if you're still having symptoms I think you'd be wise to see your eye doctor.  Maltodextrin is found in foods such as salad dressings, canned fruits, weight gain supplements and a variety of snack foods. It is also the main ingredient in Splenda. Maltrodextrin is made from corn starch but it can also be made from potatoes or rice. It does not provide any nutrients, only calories. It is used to thicken foods and enhances the texture of certain foods. It is usually a white, tasteless or slightly sweet powder which is probably why it is the main ingredient in Sensa.  That is a habit. But you have to try not to chew on plastic every single time you see it because what can wind up happening is that if there is plastic on the ground whether outdoors or indoors the bacteria on the ground can make you very sick. It can give you the same symptoms as food poisoning. So you have to try to not chew plastic if you see it.  Why do you say you were fertile from May 4th to 10th? In a "normal" 28 day cycle you would've ovulated on May 9th and the egg lives less than a day. A man's sperm can live up to 5 days, so counting back from the 9th makes it unlikely that sex with your ex on the 2nd could have made you pregnant. 8 days before ovulation is too long, therefore the new guy is the more likely candidate. You seem to be on a dangerous course with your sex life. What does the word ex mean to you? How come you're still having sex with him if he's your ex? Why would you be having sex with two different men in three days?  Either the doctor is incompetent or your eyes are deteriorating really quickly. Find another doctor in a different office. If possible, find out about his or her qualifications or experience before you go.  I could be an allergy, but I am not sure as I never have had any allergies. I am wondering could be something more, as I only have one good eye and when the blurring happens I can not see.  You need to go get checked out this could be very serious  I started loosing some vision or like a tunnel, then sometimes it would look like im looking through specks of rainbow colors. i went to the eye Dr and I was having octular migrains, i wouldnt get a headache or feel bad and the vision issue would disapear after awhile it was just making me nervous. Dr said take some tylenol and lay down. Can be caused by stress.  I can answer the first half, as I was tested for MS myself after lesions were found. MRI's of MS show lesions in the brain. They would be done periodically to check for more lesions or to see if a lesion has grown. I wish you the very best and hope that the scans show nothing new!  It wouldn't hurt to see one! Worst case they say to just keep doing what you're doing! Nothing to lose.  Was it the nurse denying the medication or the doctor? Call and ask to speak to the doctor DIRECTLY. The same thing happened to me this week and it turns out the doctor had no idea that it was happening. I also have been seeing the same doctor for years and years. The nurse is not the one who should be making that decision, the doctor is. Nurses cannot write scripts for prescriptions anyway.  It is definitely not too late to see a doctor. Best idea is to get it checked out to make sure there is no fracture of anything seriously wrong.  But wouldnt cause a increased risk of skin cancers? from having to much sun?  I wear long sleeves always have for the last couple of years but getting out for a bit would be nice except there not to much to do or see.  Ask your Dr.for an Anti-Anxity drug, such as Xanax, etc. it will help Instantly.  Have you tried eye drops, or putting a cool rag on your eyes for a few minutes? you should try this, this is just a suggestion though.  I would definitely recommend seeing a doctor or a healthcare provider. One of the common causes of insomnia is pain, and we all are realizing now that your level of pain is different than my level of pain, and that could be the cause of it. The other thing is, what pain pills are we taking? Are they taking a lot of acetaminophen or Tylenol? Are they are also taking Motrin or ibuprofen? What other sleep aids are they taking on top of that? Do they realize that Tylenol PM has Tylenol in it on top of all these acetaminophen they are taking? So we want to make sure that the healthcare provider or doctor is aware of this situation. The pharmacist needs to be aware of this situation in case they are taking any prescription medications on top of it, and their pain really needs to be assessed. Even though they say it's doing okay, there are some prescription medications, or they may have to go to physical therapy; which should be better options for them and they may not have to rely on so many medications. They may also not be feeling well in general. The side effects from the medication, the drowsiness, or upset stomach, could lead to bigger problems down the road. So I would highly encourage that person to definitely consider seeing at least a primary care physician for just an evaluation and to make sure everything is in check.  What we are finding out is that therapy needs to be individualized for these patients. Patients may start off on one product, like Protonix. They need to take it though for usually two weeks to 30 days to see if there is any benefit to it. Over time, there are many different products that are available prescription, and people are all different. We are finding out that if you take a pill and I take a pill, it's going to work differently in both of us. For some patients it works really well and for others they might need to be switched. This can be a common occurrence in patients who were formerly taking Nexium or Prevacid. Sometimes some of them do work a little quicker, but it does depend on the person. So therapy needs to be individualized. As a pharmacist, I recommend my patients to definitely keep a diary to keep track of their symptoms, see if it is actually helping them. After a month, I may ask them how are they feeling. If they tell me they are not feeling well, I am probably going to advice them that they need to call their physician or healthcare provider to have it reassessed.  Actually. aloe is a product that topically is okay, but when you take it orally, it's not. We have found out that it is a very, very strong laxative and oral use shouldn't really not happen. So I would advise this patient to not take that product at all and avoid it.  This is a great question because this is one of the very important things that we do to protect you and keep you safe. Yes, a pharmacist checks your profile each time we fill a prescription but keep in mind that if you go to more than one pharmacy, we may not know everything you are taking. Most of the national chains are linked; so for instance, if you go to one Target and then visit another Target, they can see all your medications. But if you got one prescription filled at Wal-Mart and another at CVS and another at Joe's Pharmacy, we don't have access (at least not yet -- we really need electronic medical records). It is very important that you carry a personal medication list. This is a list that contains all your prescription medications and also all your over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and supplements because they can interact with your medications too! Bring this list with you each time you visit the pharmacist as well as each doctor and health care provider.  You should not be taking amoxicillin for a UTI -- it will not help. Antibiotics have specific uses for specific infections, that is why it is important to see a doctor or health care provider for evaluation. I encourage you to call your local hospital to see if they are running any free clinics or see one of the "retail clinics" in some of the pharmacy locations like CVS and Walgreens. They will charge a minimal fee. If you don't get this checked out, your infection will get worse and you will probably end up in the hospital and require stronger medications, which in the end lead to a bigger bill.  I would ask this patient if they are aware of the principles of good sleep hygiene (believe it or not, they exist!). They include: establishing a regular sleep pattern (basically go to bed and arise about the same time daily, even on weekends), make the bedroom comfortable for sleeping (no noise, light, comfortable temperature), engage in relaxing activities before bedtime, avoiding exercise 2-4 hours before bedtime, avoid eating at least two hours before bed, and avoid using caffeine, alcohol, or nicotine for at least 4-6 hours before bed. Tylenol PM contains diphenhydramine and it should be taken only if needed. If you are using it for more than 14 days, you should see your health-care provider for further evaluation.  Clearly perimenopause is not diagnosed with blood test or even saliva test. It's really a diagnosis made by history and physical. However, I still like to test women on their second or third day of their period, just to see where they are hormonally. If the tests come back perfectly normal, they could still be in perimenopause, but if they come back abnormal, it could say something about how long this is going to be going on for. What does it tell you? If your FSH is above a certain number, we use above 12 this can reflect upon the fact that women are not as fertile, and they clearly could be starting to see a change in the ovarian reserve.  CBC stands for complete blood count. It provides information about red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets circulating in the blood. Here is a link to an article that discusses in detail the CBC test. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/complete-blood-count-cbc <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p> Other common blood tests that a primary care doctor may consider checking to evaluate general health include blood chemistry tests to check for sodium, potassium, chloride, glucose (blood sugar), creatinine (helps determine kidney function) and others. Here's a link to an article about blood chemistry screening tests. http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/complete-blood-count-cbc <o:p></o:p> Also, a primary care doctor may consider ordering a lipid profile blood test to measure your cholesterol and triglyceride levels. These are just some of the common blood tests to evaluate general health. Your doctor may order further testing based on your health conditions, age and risk factors. Take care  That same thing occurred with my daughter. I took her to the optometrist, he said it was nothing to worry about, part of growing up.   Seeing a doctor is necessary for a definitive answer. It may very well be a skin issue simply related to accumulation of dirt, sweat, etc. or to a reaction to soap, laundry detergent, etc. If that is the case, one thing that may help is to regularly use a quality penis health cream (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil) after washing.  I would wait another week then take a test. Your cycles could just be changing. But it could be to early to tell  You will be able to buy a health insurance policy because of the Affordable Care Act. People with pre-existing health conditions can no longer be denied by insurers.    You can seek care at a community-based health clinic. They offer medical services on a sliding scale. You can find a clinic by searching the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration website: www.findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/Search_HCC.aspx.  The health reform law bolstered some of Medicare's benefits. There are discounts on prescription drugs and some preventive health services covered that previously were not.  You may be able to find a doctor who will treat your child but you'll pay the full cost of the care on your own.  Workers comp -- I assume that's what W/C stands for -- operates differently than other types of medical insurance. Health insurers cannot deny you coverage any longer because of a pre-existing medical condition. However, care covered under worker's comp functions differently. Typically, to be covered by workers comp, your medical condition must be the result of an injury directly related to your work. Your employer pays the bills for injuries or worsening physical condition caused by an injury that happened on the job. If it can prove that you had the same condition prior to filing the claim, your employer can argue that the condition already existed and is not the result of a work-related injury. In that case, you may not receive coverage. In that case, you would need to have your condition covered by your health insurance, assuming you have coverage.  Most doctors today are quite happy to accept cash instead of dealing with insurance companies, so I don't have an answer for you as to why your offered is being turned down.  Many people have expressed frustration, as you have, about the cost of health insurance -- in particular the out-of-pocket costs that come with many health plans.  I can't speak to your clinical issues, but you will have the chance to obtain health insurance again for next year starting November 15th. Your situation is exactly the reason why even if we're otherwise healthy, having insurance is important -- it's often required for access to the care you need, and it can prevent financial ruin.  I can't speak to your clinical issues, but you will have the chance to obtain health insurance again for next year starting November 15th. Your situation is exactly the reason why even if we're otherwise healthy, having insurance is important -- it's often required for access to the care you need, and it can prevent financial ruin.  Sounds like something for your pediatrician! May be nothing alarming but better safe than sorry, besides sounds like your baby is in pain.  I think it would be a good idea to be seen i hope its nothing but you may have nerve damage I have the same problen with my shin the skin is numb to the pint where I scratch it and dont feel it if I press on my upper inner thigh it tingles and starts to hurt very bad in my ankle and shin area. and once it starts to tingle and itch I have to try so hard not to scratch it or it starts to hurt really bad.  If it's a Palmer wart then go to the dermatologist after all of the stay at home treatments that's what my brother did and it worked but on a Palmer wart don't smother it because it will only get worse  Maybe because your weak and or you don't eat enough everyday eat protein to help dizziness and also drink more that eight ounces of water every day  The doctor will say 6 weeks. But I was back on my feet within a week but I still didn't do anything strenuous either. But get your doctor to write a note and your employer shouldn't deny that. Good luck  The number of prenatal visits will increase as you approach your due date, but for a routine pregnancy it will be about once a month until the 28th week of pregnancy. Then every 2-3 weeks through 36th week. Then weekly. For women with medical problems, pregnancy complications, or high risk for other reasons, prenatal visits would likely be more frequent.  If you are referring to position vertical detachment is is a particular location of a retinal detachment which can occur at any age. They occur most commonly in younger adults (25-50 years of age) who are highly nearsighted (myopic) and in older people following cataract surgery. Diabetes can cause it also along with the usual suspects like blunt trauma and family history. I searched and found that there are several treatment options you and your Opthamologist can take in regards to your particular issue. Click here or copy and paste the link in a new window: Good luck and if your doctor does not give you all the information you need I would consider a second opinion. :)  Good question, I guess when it comes down to foot care I was always told the most important thing was to check for and cuts, nicks etc and to keep my feet moisturized. This will prevent rough calluses from showing up and severe dryness that can cause cracking and lesions.  I would say an Endocrinologists or a doctor that specializes in Internal Medicine. The cause of rapid weight gain can be from any number of causes, so it is hard to tell.  It would be possible if the gooey substance was indeed sperm, but it's unlikely for there to be sperm on a razor...  neurologist  It sounds like internal hemrroids. When bowel passes through the spincter muscles, it could be causing the pain.  You might suffer on urinary incontinance, you should visit urologist. There are differnt treatments, one of them is to take special drug called Amitriptiline which closes the bladder neck during the night and this way you don't have such accidents. Only your urologist can treat this condition,and prescribe the medication. Amitriptilane is used for young wet blatters, and at the same time antidepressant for children.  I was told by my MD that I had 3 months to change my blood work or go on two more meds. I have CAD, fatty liver, metabolic syndrome and (as of the last visit) type 2 diabetes.  Concerta can cause visual disturbances as a side effect in some people. If your son is having side effects from his medication, or has developed a new symptom, you should talk to the prescriber who can examine him and determine the cause of his blurred vision.  You should start seeing improvements almost immediately, within the first few days of use. However, you may not see complete improvement for up to one month. If you do not see any improvement within the first month of treatment, you should speak to your childs healthcare provider to re-evaluate how to treat the condition.  If your father is having prostate problems, it is very important that he see a health-care professional for an examination and evaluation. There are no over-the-counter treatments for prostate problems. While there are supplements that are marketed for prostate health, none of them are approved by the FDA or recognized to be safe and effective if someone is not properly diagnosed. I suggest you look for a free health clinic for your father so he can receive a proper examination. Check out this website: http://findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/ .  There has been a backlash against low fat diets, leading people to go in the opposite direction, embracing diets high in saturated fat diets. The truth is diets low in saturated fat won't reduce heart disease risk if the saturated fat is being replaced with refined carbs. This decreases HDL (good cholesterol) and can increase triglycerides and the blood sugar response. But as both of the review studies below demonstrate, when saturated fat in the diet is replaced with plant and fish sources of fat (omega-3 fatty acids and monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats) it decreases heart disease risk -- HDL increases and LDL (bad cholesterol) decreases. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24345985 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23895475 This is basically the Mediterranean diet -- low in saturated fat, high in fruits and vegetables and healthy fat sources like olive oil and nuts. While the French may have diets higher in saturated fats, they also tend to be leaner, walk more and eat other heart healthy foods like fruits and vegetables. While the evidence continues to evolve, there isn't enough to recommend a diet high in saturated fat to reduce heart disease.  A glycated hemoglobin A1C of 6.0 (5.7-6.4 range) is considered pre-diabetes, meaning your husband has elevated blood sugars and is at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 15-30% of people with pre-diabetes will be diagnosed with full blown diabetes in 5 years.   It used to be recommended that people with ulcers consume a bland diet but there is no evidence to show this is effective. The key is to adopt a balanced, nutrient-rich diet to help the ulcer heal and keep your body healthy. Small frequent meals (4-6 times) tend to be better tolerated than fewer (2-3 times) big meals. Avoid or limit alcohol as it can make symptoms worse and delay healing of the ulcer. Avoid caffeine-containing food and beverages (coffee, tea and chocolate) as they can increased stomach acid making symptoms worse. Watch for foods that may cause discomfort such as spicy or greasy foods while your ulcer is healing. See this article for more on diet and ulcers.  The American Heart Association has this Sodium Tracker:  Helping your mother improve her diet can certainly help. I believe grain brain may be referring to research that shows people with celiac disease have a higher risk of getting Alzheimer's, the most common form of dementia, but I haven't read the book. I'm not saying a low carb, gluten free diet won't be beneficial, but it is not standard practice for treating dementia. The Alzheimer's association and Dementia.org, recommend a healthy diet full of fruits and vegetables that's low in saturated fat and includes healthy fats like those found in vegetable sources like olive oil and nuts. And some research shows a diet full of healthy carbohydrates with a low glycemic index (fruits, vegetables and whole grains) may help with Alzheimer's. From the supplements you mention, coconut oil is often used even though there is no evidence its beneficial -- it may be worth a try as there's anecdotal evidence it helps. Low levels of vitamin D has been linked to higher risk of dementia so it makes sense to get her levels checked. If she is low, taking vitamin D is important. There has been some research showing that DHA (and eating fish 3 times per week) can help, but more research is needed. As people age, the good bacteria in their GI tract decreases, so a probiotic may be beneficial. Before giving supplements, check with her doctor. See this list of vitamins and supplements that may be beneficial for dementia. Good luck!  When someone is making strong nutrition claims like this, I always ask people to inquire about the research used to support the claim. Many times people without a health or science background translate information into something that is not accurate. Green leafy vegetables contain oxalates but there is no evidence that these foods are bad for health. There are instances where someone may need to limit oxalates such as those who are prone to kidney stones, but this is not a concern for the general "healthy" population. Most people can include green leafy vegetables, like those in smoothies, as part of a healthy diet. In fact, it is encouraged! The 2010 Dietary Guidelines recommend green leafy vegetables along with those that are orange (sweet potatoes, carrots etc.), starchy (potatoes, corn) and other vegetables like cucumbers and zucchini. Variety is always best to meet nutritional needs and maximize health. If you are concerned about oxalates, check with your health care provider.  T explains the science and that, yes, websites and blogs tend to focus on the diet soda and weight gain and weight gain angle, even though the evidence is scant. Studies show that when used with a reduced calorie diet, non-caloric drinks help people lose weight.  if it hurts and still didn't form a head you should leave it alone untill it forms a head so you can clear it out, you can use Ice on it to fasten the process of forming a head.  I am very glad that you wrote in. It is really important that you talk to your Mom or Dad right away. Tell them that you are having hallucinations. They need to call your doctor now so you can find out what is causing them.  This is a great question! You are probably referring to a presentation that was made at the 2012 Canadian Cardiovascular Congress by Dr. Jacob Udell from the University of Toronto. Dr. Udell gave the results of his research involving over 3000 patients. About half of them had existing heart disease and the other half did not. The influenza vaccine had been given to about one half of the participants. The other group received a placebo or harmless fake vaccine. Results after one year showed that those who had received the real vaccine were about half as likely to have had a stroke, a heart attack or death due to a heart problem. These results were exciting and very interesting. However, the research looked at only 4 small studies done between 1994 and 2008. Also, the total number of people that had a stroke, heart attack or cardiac death was very small. Researchers are now trying to construct a larger study to confirm the results. It is a known fact that the flu can be associated with worsening of existing lung and heart disease. It seems logical that anything that would decrease the risk of getting the flu would therefore reduce the risk for these complications. But more research is needed to draw firm conclusions. We do know that over 200,000 American are hospitalized each year with complications from influenza. And that there are between 3,000 and 49,000 flu-related deaths annually. The CDC now recommends that everyone over the age of 6 months should get the flu vaccine. Check with your doctor if you have not already had one this year.  Unlikely, but if the semen wasn't dried up or dead yet, and if you were at a stage of ovulation, then there is a possibility. Throw caution to the wind if you are not aiming to have a bun in the oven, and take a test or use the Plan B pill; it's most effective within the first 72 hours/3 days of intercourse.  Unless you have a chronic illness or take regular medications, you don't really need medical supervision when you're starting a weight loss program, even if you're obese. There are hundreds of diet books at your local bookstore, and I doubt that following any of them would cause any harm. While a really extreme low-calorie diet  500 calories or so  could be risky, nobody can really stick to that anyway. However, I do think you should include your doctor as part of your support system and, ideally, as a lifestyle coach. Your doctor can help you monitor your progress as well as provide external accountability.  ... Standard guidelines recommend a general approach of starting with lifestyle modification (eating and exercise) and then adding medications if blood sugar levels are not adequately controlled. If diabetes is newly diagnosed because a patient presents with symptoms of high blood sugar (such as excess thirst, excess urination, blurry vision, etc.) then we typically use medication immediately to bring the blood sugar closer to normal and alleviate the symptoms. Furthermore, metformin is approved to use in prediabetes to delay or prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes, and one can justify using metformin in anyone with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes. The threshold for starting medication can therefore be any point between A1c of about 5.9 to 7.0. Once the A1c is higher than 7.0 it is harder to justify delaying medication. In any case, doctors and patients need to have discussions about the benefits, risks, and drawbacks of using medications, and these benefits, risks, and drawbacks change depending on the degree of glucose control and the type of drug(s) being considered. Personally, I start to think about starting metformin if a patient cant keep the A1c below 6.5. If someone wants to use lifestyle change and weight loss to reduce medication I usually discontinue the sulfonylurea type drugs (glyburide, glipizide) if the blood sugar levels start to dip below around 70-80 mg/dL, or the A1c goes below 6.5. I like to stop the metformin once the A1c stays below 6.0 for about 3 months, provided that the patient can maintain or extend the weight loss and lifestyle changes.  ... There are multiple potential causes for blurry vision, and speaking with your opthalomologist sooner rather than later makes sense. Blurry vision due to high blood sugar levels is usually when glucose levels are very high, such as well over 300 mg/dl. I would not expect the recent medication change to be an obvious culprit. In any case, I'm confident your health care team can help you find the answers.  Red. Orange. Yellow. Green. Blue. Purple. Look around and pay attention to the color you see. Is it bright and vivid? Better or worse than yesterday? Now think about how well you slept last night. Or the night before. Could it be that your ability to see colors depends on a good nights sleep? Now this is fascinating stuff: Research just emerging and presented at the 24th annual meeting of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies (APSS) earlier this month suggests that sleep literally colors your view of the world. Put simply, sleep restores your ability to see and process colors correctly. The technicality of how this all works (and how the researchers went about figuring this out) is pretty complex, but suffice it to say that color perception  whether or not you see gray or green, for instance, shifts while youre awake, thus distorting what color youre really seeing. And overnight, sleep brings your color recognition back in line with whats really there. So when you see gray, you can be sure its in fact gray and not green. According to the authors, scientists had not previously investigated how sleep might affect the way we see the world around us. But Ill point out that other recent research has discovered that our ability to recognize and remember faces is indeed influenced by the amount of sleep we get. These two abilities (distinguishing color and faces) are not so different when you consider the science behind sleep and our memory banks.... Sleep has a profound effect on our memories. Its well-documented, for example, that sleep plays a big role in helping us to: * Remember things. * Learn new information. * Process data efficiently. * Consolidate memories. (In fact, its believed that dreams may play a special role in that consolidation, though we dont know exactly how that all works yet.) And of course we need to have sharp memories in order to recall colors and different faces  relationships that we learn. Just as you learn to know that red is red and green is green, you also learn which faces belong to your best friend, first grade teacher and mother. What I love about this latest study is that it examines an aspect of life so prized by humans: being able to see a spectrum of color. This skill has enhanced human interactions for millennia, helpful to not just social interactions but in some cases survival. Granted, some people who are truly color-blind dont have trouble getting through life. But if given the opportunity, I think most people would prefer to see all the colors of the rainbow clearly. Even if seeing color doesnt always equate with survival, it sure makes life more exciting and, in a word, vivid. So the next time you cant distinguish blue from green so well (and youre bickering with a significant other over whether or not that tie is blue-gray or green-gray), ask yourself: did you get a good nights sleep? Keep that memory sharp. Enjoy the beauty of the world around you. Keep up the good nights.  Several different eye problems can cause you to see bright spots or what appear to be light flashes. Some of these can be serious, so I would call your eye doctor to check it out. Some of these conditions can lead to vision loss, so I would go ahead and call today. You need an eye doctor to examine your eyes as I am not able to tell what might be going on without an examination.  I've included some resources below that should help answer your questions. Eyeglasses That Do the Job Eyeglasses and Your Eyes Adult Eye Exams  I can't tell if you mean you haven't had a period in 10 months and now you're bleeding or if you just stopped your HRT and now you're bleeding for 2 weeks. Either way ... Yes, if you have been bleeding for 2 weeks, you should see your doctor. Your body may need help adjusting to stopping the HRT (if you recently stopped it). Your doctor may need to give you something to stop the bleeding. The concern would be that if you're losing a lot of blood, you could develop anemia. So at this point the bleeding may need to be stopped and that requires a visit to your doctor. If you haven't had a period in 10 months and you're bleeding now, you definitely need to be seen to determine what's causing the bleeding.  You definitely should see your doctor. The shortness of breath is a concern and you don't want to ignore that. In addition, your lack of bowel movements and change in size of stool is also something that should be checked by your doctor. I would go ahead and make an appointment, so you can get to the bottom of what's happening.  The main way we first determine how far along a woman is in her pregnancy is by her period. Further along in the pregnancy we can use other indicators, including ultrasound. At this point there really is no way for you to know, so you should go ahead and make an appointment with your doctor to touch base. They may want to do an ultrasound to get an idea of how far along you are.  There is no particular connection between IBS and acid reflux. People with IBS do not usually have digestive problems that involved the stomach. Typically the problems are with the colon. However, in some people we do see IBS and acid reflux occur together but there is no know or specific association between the two.  Bright lights in your vision are a concern. This could be something minor or it could be something very serious -- something that could lead to vision loss if not treated promptly. You need to let your eye doctor know right away. You need to have an eye exam to determine what might be causing the blinding spots.  You may want to get checked for diabetes. My sisters became so bad that she couldnt see for hours, she said it would start out very foggy and slowly become darker until it was pitch black  Possibly a stomach ulcer, worst case scenario stomach cancer... Emergency room time for sure though. I wish the best for you and your son.  Could it be a hemorrhoid?  I never had a positive urine test with my son and I was pregnant. I would go to your doctor, or a clinic, and have a blood based pregnancy test for more accurate results. It may (I can't remember) take longer for the blood based tests to work - for more time to have passed than 3 weeks. But, bottom line, I would not rely on the urine tests and you may want to consider that you may be pregnant when making decisions (e.g. drinking, smoking, taking medications) until you have gone to the doctor.  What age are u? And have you ever had missed or delayed periods previously?  Your mother sounds as if she has early signs of dementia. Your primary healthcare service, should initially be able to assess your mothers cognition. This is done by a mini mental test, it is a series of 10 questions. Depending on your mothers answers will depend on the diagnosis. Further help is available and you may be referred to a secondary care provider, these professionals offer more specialised information. Little can be done to reverse memory loss. It is important to support your mother and keep her active to prevent rapid cognitive decline. You can support your mother with her difficulty of waking up by setting an alarm or calling her in the morning. Other things that may help your mothers memory are photo album collections and labelling of drawers to help your mother remember the contents. Conversations can be difficult and may lead to frustrations for both yourself and your mother. Try to avoid your mother from steering off the topic of conversation by repeating key words or repeating information and emphasising the important words. The website Dementia UK is fantastic and full of information and support. I wish you and your mother well.  If you get a sudden onset of these floaters please see an opthamologist ASAP! could be serious sign of retinal tear. Had this happen to me about 5 yrs ago and fortunately took immediate action. Dr had to treat a tear in my right retina. Could've had a detached retina which means blindness. I am very nearsighted, and these floaters are more common for folks as me. They normally gradually drift into eye over time, but your brain will compensate. Not much you can do about that.  It could be a number of things to deal with your sinuses. I would strongly say you see a doc.It could be your adenoids are swollen or ruptured.If there is a pain in your neck just below your skull it could also be a few other thing,not to alarm you but you should get it looked at.  I would go to the ER and see if they can help you afford it... Sorry could be much help but that's what i did when my son had the same thing they had to put tubes in his ears...  I was on the shot before and therefore asked a lot of questions and did a lot of research on it... I've never heard of this symptom. The only thing I can think of is that you urine was mixed with blood? But surely you would have noticed that in your underwear. I definitely would get it checked out if it doesn't clear up in a day or two.  Hi So you drinking plenty? yes, and you eating plenty of fibre? yes, lots of fruit and vegetables? yes, if your doing all these then things should be moving really well. Then do you eat a good hot chilli once a week or a nice hot curry, these will shift anything. But have you been checked out for lactose intolerance, that's something that can really mess up the old bowl movements. Do hope something here rings bells. Good Luck  Hi Yes they can. Good Luck  Hi, OK try this see if it helps. its just good old sea salt, put a couple of handfuls in a warm bath, you let this water get inside your vagina, you do this twice a day for a week. And hopefully after a couple of days it should start to work its magic on your vagina. For more info just google sea salt and the vagina, or sea salt and yeast infection, and this last one sea salt and bv. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, OK try this see if it helps. its just good old sea salt, put a couple of handfuls in a warm bath, you let this water get inside your vagina, you do this twice a day for a week. And hopefully after a couple of days it should start to work its magic on your vagina. For more info just google sea salt and the vagina, or sea salt and yeast infection, and this last one sea salt and bv. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck   Hi, Things to think about, can he remember what product he was using when this first showed up? I think your find his myocarditis was from the pneumonia, from what I can read about it. Below is some info I have found about his problem, and I think this has transgressed from there. Chemical pneumonia is an unusual type of lung irritation. Pneumonia usually is caused by a bacteria or virus. In chemical pneumonia, inflammation of lung tissue is from poisons or toxins. Only a small percentage of pneumonias are caused by chemicals. Many substances can cause chemical pneumonia, including liquids, gases, and small particles, such as dust or fumes, also called particulate matter. Some chemicals only harm the lungs; however, some toxic materials affect other organs in addition to the lungs and can result in serious organ damage or death. Chemical pneumonia is only one type of lung inflammation. Other types of lung infections are viral pneumonia and bacterial pneumonia. Chemical pneumonia is a type of lung irritation. Many substances can cause chemical pneumonia including liquids, gasses, dust, fumes, and lung aspiration. Symptoms and signs of chemical pneumonia include burning eyes, lips, mouth, throat, dry cough, nausea, abdominal pain, chest pain, headache, and pleuritis. Treatment of chemical pneumonia depends on the toxic and amount of exposure. Hi for me unless hes the boss, then this is his health were talking about, time for a new start in another job away from chemicals, fumes, dust and all the rest that goes with the job working in a body shop. If you love your husband like you do, then there is no other way he can go, he may have a big love for his job, but his job in slowly killing him,. Has he thought of still being in the industry but working from the other side, ie not in the workshop. Its either this or he works in a full face mask which would be fed by oxygen, so hes breathing clean air all the time he is in the workshop, this could be a way out for him to carry on working in a body shop. As for finding what was the cause, then that's how this answer started. Do hope this helps in some way Good Luck  Hi, So how old are you? This could be from some very vigorous masturbation when you was not using any kind of lubrication, when masturbating you must use some kind of oil, baby oil, olive oil or coconut oil, this will; stop friction, this could just be a swelling, so may go down over a day or two. Cant think of much else that would do that, or unless your b/f gave you some good oral sex. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The idea of being on BC is to stop you getting pregnant, and the thought of using a condom would be to stop STIs or STDs. But they say the first day of your first missed period is the best time. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi OK I think I'm right being a grain of rice, ok with some oil on your penis, slowly massage it, with a bit of luck it just may go, its worked a couple of times with me. Now this may be from plaque in your blood, you can clear this by taken cayenne pepper, just mix some in tomato paste and thin with olive oil, take 3 small spoonful's each morning when you get up, wash each one down with water, keep taken it for a couple of weeks, it will make you feel good, this is because your blood will now flow better, after a couple of weeks just do it 3 or 4 times a week. Hope this helps you, use Bing as a translator. Good Luck  Hi With what your saying go ASAP, if not try the ER. Good Luck  Hi If its red blood this means its fresh, then yes ASAP, but if not just give it a couple more days, see if starts to trickle off, if not go see your doctor. Good Luck  Hi, Its tinnitus, it dose this to us, I have it in one ear, its something you just have to live with, but you need to see your doctor, our hearing is one of our senses that is important to us, so see your doctor ASAP he will send you off for tests to evaluate you and your hearing. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Working on your dates, and ovulation day would have been around the 8th of July, which was 12 days before you had sex, and your egg would have only have been there for 2 days, so don't think some how your pregnant, but you could always do either an HPT or do a test at your doctors. But with your late period it could be your having a skipped period, could be from sudden weight lose, could be from stress from having unprotected sex and worrying if you will get pregnant, and from any meds you taken. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Before I retired I was a sparks, so being the guy who always had tape, was fixing up cut fingers, now one thing you need to remember it sterile, so no germs, if its open the as you start to tape it back do it gentle, remember pull the tape out and let it relax back, or it will just stop the blood going down her finger, so just get it clean and sterile, and tape it up as I said, give it a couple days and do it again, but be very gentle when taken the tape off, clean it and re-tape it as before. Last thought when your cleaning it use a sea salt warm water wash, sea salt helps clean and heal the wound. Hope this helps you and her. Good Luck  Hi Sometimes we find these odd little bits. So as you say, its does not hurt, gives you no pain, the only thing is you now know its there, so now in you mind you thinking your a freak? Well now is the time to forget it, its nothing, your find as you go through life these little things pop up, the best thing you can do now is just forget it, there's nothing wrong with you, Good Luck  Hi Not from 15 minutes a day, all you need is bare arms that's all not like full buff, 24/7 and here in Greece, its a good sunny day here today, the word lovely comes to mind. Think of this where do they put sick when they get the chance to put them outside? in the sun, is a great way of boosting there health, the sun is always best for you. Good Luck  Hi Your age would have helped along with your sex. But just getting old will do both. Good Luck  Hi I would worry that much, her cycles are just kicking in some girls it takes time for them to get regular. So just sit back relax enjoy life. I'm sure your daughter is not worried like you are. If they have not kicked back in by the end of the year then you can get her to a doctor or gyno, but I think you find they will say just wait. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi You could be early menopausal, and the only real way to find out would be to have a blood test done to check your hormones, this is a good way of finding out. But some women do miss/skip the odd period with no trouble but missing two? Do hope this will help you. Good Luck  Hi You need to get to an ER, they will help if need be get them out by hand, its about the best way I can answer this, but it will help to get things moving again. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, I do think you are a bit worried over this? Yes, look and I'm not saying its and STI or STD, but it would do you the world of good if you go to and STD/GUM Clinic, this just to be on the safe side, you need to think about your penis health, the staff will be helpful to you, and if its nothing the should be able to tell you what it is and how to treat it. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Seems your passing your uterine lining, its quite a normal thing for women to do, most of the time you would not see this happen. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I take it these irregular periods are in length? if so I think your find that your ovulation day would still be the same, in that case you need to be having unprotected sex on about day 10, day one being the first day of your period, this way your husbands sperm will be in place and waiting for you egg in takes male sperm around 3 days to get to your womb and your egg should come out around day 14, what happens after that is implantation day and after that it would not matter how long your period was or short. With this missed periods this could be a kick back from BC just how long was you on it? it can take up to a year to get back into a regular pattern, you find its not rely a good idea till this happens,to start trying for a child. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi was this a good ER, if you can get to try that, from there you should be sent on or treated. Good Luck  Hi Seeing as I'm now coming up to 66, in my days it was your voice breaking, things like body hair that can change as you get older, or whether its inner thigh or not. But then some young men there voices don't break, that why we have men with high pitched voices. As for growing, did here many years ago its about 28 years of age before we really stop. So your answer, and mine some bits cross over, but I think you know when you a man sometime, I would not put to much down to what you read or hear, and just trust your own body to tell you. But you must remember that were all different, so things in our body's will change at different times. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Boyfriend/Husband been nibbling on them? OH why think of cancer? OK just give them a sae salt water wash twice a day, try and keep them dry through the day, the salt will aid cleaning and healing, see how you get on. Good Luck  Hi, I would say yes, as these are sold together in one capsule, you should be ok. But for more info just google your main question for more info. Something else that may help your prostate health would be cayenne pepper, you can find more info on this if you go to www,cayennepepper,info , I take this daily for ED and prostate health, I mix cayenne in tomato paste and thin with olive oil, start mixing this to a heat that suits you, even the tomato paste is very good for your prostate health. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like you could with strengthening you pelvic floor up, you do this with kedgels, it just a very simple exercise, just google kegel exercise, you will find all the info you need. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Your age would have helped, and your sex. So I would say your a women, and you have been going through your menopause, all the symptoms do read that way. So the bit you wont like, get off to your waste of time doctor, get a waste of time blood test done, this waste of time blood test should tell you how your hormones are doing. I think you problems all stem from this, its your hormones there out of whack. Probably some HRT will help you over most of your problems, or could just be a complete waste of time. So hope this dose not waste your time. Good Luck  Hi, Well masturbating will not hurt you done right, but not having a period for 3 months, the best place would with your doctor and get yourself sorted out with him/her. A tip, go have a look on www.dodsonandross.com on there you will find all the information you will ever need on masturbating and how to orgasm, Dr Betty Dodson is a guru on masturbating and how to orgasm, in fact she runs open class's for women one how to do both. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I think your find most women have one breast bigger than the other, same as you may find one slightly different position to the other, its just the way nature treats us. But I think your best place would be a gym, find a women instructor and put your question to her, this way she may need to look at them to see your problem, you wont get embarrassed if it was a man looking at your problem. Do Hope this helps. Good Luck  HI, Below is from the Uks NHS, it should help you to understand things more. Genital herpes is a common infection caused by the herpes simplex virus (HSV). It causes painful blisters on the genitals and the surrounding areas. As genital herpes can be passed to others through intimate sexual contact, it's often referred to as a sexually transmitted infection (STI) . HSV can affect any mucous membrane (moist lining), such as those found in the mouth ( cold sores ). Genital herpes is a chronic (long-term) condition. The virus remains in your body and can become active again. The average rate of recurrence is four to five times in the first two years after being infected. However, over time, it tends to becomes active less frequently and each outbreak becomes less severe. There is lots more on site the link is below. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Genital-herpes/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy this link into google to open and read, copy from www. Hope t5his helps you and your g/f. Good Luck  Hi Below you will see a link, its got lots of vaginas on it, and as you will see there all different colours of pink to purple to brown. Have fun looking. The Link, http://beautifullabia.tumblr.com/ Just copy into google to open and read/see Also as you get older the colour will change the lips will change as you have more sex, and not forgetting some women's lips are a lot bigger than others. Do hope this goes some way in helping you. Good Luck  Hi I found this very interesting link for you and your wife to read, and its a very rare, in women, you should find it interesting as well. The Link http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3445139/ Do hope this helps for an answer. Good Luck  Hi It would have been nice to have had a picture, but as we don't, its a bit hard to help. The best thing you can do is take it to your doctor let him have a look, it may come out with just a small op at your doctors. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just a question, do you think your overweight? these look like there just sores, from skin rubbing together, so if this is the problem, start losing some weight would be a good start. Try any good skin cream, or perhaps baby oil after washing, try some aloe vera jel. Good Luck  Hi So this time get to an ER let them see you could need an x-ray or MRI, doing this should tell the whole story of your problem. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Well it seems its doing some good, I would say just give it a couple more days, and get back to the doctor, the thing is did he get it in the right place, did he make you go och, before he injected you, because he needed to get it right on the button for it to work at its best. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As your uro has said its just normal, and the more erections you get and the longer you have them it will happen. Look here is a link all penis shots, some are a bit explicit, but as you look down you will see lots with lots of veins sticking out, could be the women like it best that way. The Link, http://andrewscrew-cocks.tumblr.com/ Just copy into google to open and look. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, May sound silly could be just trapped wind, it can do this, gives great pain all around the torso at times. Try some very strong mints or some peppermint cordial, just take this very strong, then go for a walk, should shift it very soon. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Well if you had no semen stains, and even if dried you would see something, then it was all just a dream. But do remember what is still very sharp in your brain happened in nano seconds just before you woke. And sometimes these seem so real. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi OK from what I can see, ADHA is her problem yes that's why she is on the drug, could be that she has grown out of it. But ADHA in young women can give her sexual drive due to her hormones kicking in. Have a read down this link, it could help you understand her problems. The Link, http://www.addvance.com/help/women/high_school.html Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes but if your going to eat yogurt, make it Greek natural yogurt or Greek nonfat yogurt. these are the best for you , not just anything that has the word yogurt on it and full of fake fruit. Good Luck  Hi A UTI causes burning, that how we know we have one, I think yours is an STD, as you have not said what colour puss it is, but get checked out by your doctor, or an STD/GUM Clinic, would be best for you. Good Luck  Hi If your talking about depo shot,1 it would depend how long you have been on it. 2 just google periods after depo shot, might make your mouth drop open, some have been as long as 2 years. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes its a puzzle, to why? I had a friend a few years ago his mothering law did the same one day she pronounced that she would not walk any more and she never till she died, seems like they just give up. My own mother, even though she could walk would never go and do a short daily walk always was saying its to painful, but could never get it across the her just how important it was to her, just to get out and try. Sometimes its a puzzling world we have around us, with me I just love to get out and walk, but its nice if you have a couple of friends to take with you, ones with four legs are great fun. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Go see an optician and get your eyes tested, also have your blood pressure taken. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi "01/85 is HBP, or hypertension, just google natural ways out of hbp, but he needs to get that down cut down on his salt intake, cut down on alcohol, get his weight down and get out and exercise, If his diabetes is 2 then is he on meds or controlling it by diet? If he this is the best and natural way for anyone to go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your getting these problems then you should seek help, first please have a read through this link, use it as a starting point. The link, http://www.eatingdisorderfoundation.org/GettingHelp.htm Just copy this link into google to open and read. But next just google this, when to seek help for eating disorders, you should find a lot more info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi This first piece is from WebMD, I'm putting it here as an intro, but should help you for a start. http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-1092-coconut%20oil.aspx?activeingredientid=1092&activeingredientname=coconut%20oil So just hit on the link. Then just goggle your question you find lots of info. But do use just virgin coconut oil its best, and here's a tip its very good for sex as lubrication. But it wont clog up your arteries, its to natural. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Doctors who treat diseases of the retina are ophthalmologists with additional training in diseases of the retina. They're generally called retina specialists rather than retinologists. Good Luck  Hi Bet that felt good, it always will do. But now you feeling the down side of worry? Yes that's why your here, ok look all you can do is sit back try and relax, and wait to see if you miss your next period. What a pity your should have come here last week and you would have been told Plan B will help you, but not now. So please just wait. Good Luck  Hi OK get to an STD/GUM Clinic and get tested there, tell them you want a full test for herpes, that should tell you what you have. Next its either off to your doctor for some meds, or you can try the sea salt way, for this you take 2 sea salt warm baths a day for a week, you use two handfuls if sea salt for each bath, you let the water get inside your vagina. For more info just google sea salt and yeast infection. do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi So if you think its from an STD, how long ago do you think this was? OK what follows, any one of these can give him ED (erectile dysfunction). To little sleep. performance anxiety. High cholesterol. Diabetes. Depression. Alcohol. Smoking. Meds. Stress. Anger. Anxiety. Middle-aged-spread. Self image. Low libido. His general health. Low testosterone and very high testosterone. With meds, its meds for depression, diabetes and cholesterol, these are some of the really bad ones. Do any of these ring bells, if so you know were your ED is coming from then. Do hope there's some help here. Good Luck  Hi If this gets pus-sy, pick the end off with a clean needle and squeeze, the splinter should just slide out, that's if it gets that way, something you should have done 3 weeks ago? This normally happens in 24 to 36 hours. But I would just leave it for now. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi What about trying a gyno, see what he or she says about you problem, the side effects do say about clotting, have you read through them, is you don't still have them google the BC orthotrycyclin, your find lots of info. Good Luck  Hi Above, see that box, were it says type your question here, well that's all you have to do. Good Luck  Hi Just google natural ways out of anxiety and depression , give things a good read through and take a path ,. But if I remember right meditation is there, could be a good way to go. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi The word your looking for is to pluck, as she has plucked her eyelash's or she's been plucking her eye lash's out. As for growing back only time will tell, your find there slow growing. Good Luck  Hi First there some STDs and STIs that can hide, and stay that way for many years, so just keep that at the back of your mind always. you say your having pressure, but not said in what way, does it fill like your testical's are going to explode or your penis is going to explode, or is it an anal thing? You just saying pressure does give any kind of hint.  Hi Sorry, my brain picked up on depo, and you do know about that. Did some research on a couple of forums, but you did not say how long you have been on it, but it seems most are on it 6 to 9 month? Getting your period, seems some are 3 to 4 months and waiting, one her doctor said to go back at 6 months if not started, and there is talk about Clomid, it a fertility drug. So hope this helps better. Good Luck  Hi Yes there is evidence that there is a link between what your saying. But who put you on antibiotics for 3 months or are you buying from abroad, I don't think any doctor would have kept you on them for that long, he/she would know what this would do to your body. Now think its time to come clean and seek medical advise for you now problem, you need to face facts, Good Luck   Hi, Is your foreskin stuck? Is it so tight that its restricting the blood going through your penis? if so work some baby oil round it and slowly pull it back out. As for this whiteness under your foreskin, this you don't need, so before you get it back out make sure its gets a good wash, you must keep the underneath of you foreskin clean and healthy, if not your have big problems. So hope you have got it back out, and things are getting back to normal size wise? From what you have said it seems that your foreskin is very tight? yes This is a post from the other day, it shouls help you as well. Stretching your foreskin, its so easy and wont hurt you or your penis, with the aid of some baby oil, just simply grab hold of your foreskin between your thumb and first finger, with both hands your just stretch side ways and length ways, just by stretching and relaxing it both ways for 20 minutes morning and evening, and when your home lunchtimes, it should take around 3 weeks of doing it. But may take a bit longer if its really tight, but when its free you be able to clean behind you foreskin, for good penal health, if not it could cause you a big problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If you machine wash the cloths, there's no chance any STDs or STIs will survive what they will get going though the wash. A lot of STDs and STIs don't survive much after they get out of the environment of the human body, so these cloths would have not been on a human body for sometime, so that would have helped, then a wash, not much chance of survival. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Sounds like it is, try this see if it sooths it, get some sea salt and have a nice warm bath let the water get inside you vagina, this will help heal a soothe the inside if your vagina, sea salt is very good for the vagina, Google sea salt and the vagina for more info. But always carry sex oil with you just in case this was not at home, keep yourself well lubricated during sex, always good to have that extra slip. Do hope your on some kind of BC. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I hope by now you have been somewhere and had a stich in time, if not get into some sea salt bath, this will help clean and heal, if you do this till it heals you should be OK. Just lay of sex till then, then you can get back in the game, just remember the more you have sex or masturbate the quicker you will get the all clear, I did. Hope this helps you Good Luck  Hi If one has been having unprotected sex, one could be a tad pregnant, best you get some tests done ASAP Good Luck  Hi, The blood, it would not mixed in with your urine, it would be more like having a period, and you would see something that looks like flesh mixed in with it, if it was a miscarriage. But if you think this is what your having go see your doctor. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I think you will have to put what's happening all down to rough sex a or perhaps the sex was a little bit to rough, that night. If this is the case then perhaps you should give it up, this way you get no troubles, unless you like it, then in future you need a word when shouted it means for him to stop, and use lots of lubrication, and always stop for more. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi This just may be down to your drugs, suggest you google this, bipolar drug ---------- side effects forgetfulness, put your drug name in the blank area, and see what comes up. You may find your problem there. Good Luck  Hi If this period of unprotected sex was around or just before the 7th of July, give or take the odd day each way, yes you could be pregnant. But you will have to wait till your next period is due, if it comes then you could not be pregnant, if it dose not then its time to get a test done, either an HPT or see your doctor and get one done there. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi, I don't think its an STD, just an ingrowing hair, if you get a clean needle, inside you should find the hair, just tweak it out, it will look just like a watch spring, then pluck it away, once this is done your find it should clear up in 24 hours. Also give it a sea salt wash, it will help with the healing. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Some how it seems the bug got into your food, been having salads, this would be a good sauce for it to have been in dead or alive, but it has now passed away and passed through you, look just put it out of your mind now, the more you stress on it the more you get yourself down. The scabies are you on something? and the vaginal infection the same? If the V infection is a reoccurring one and antibiotics are doing nothing for it try these links for help all natural. http://www.myhomeremedies.com/topic.cgi?topicid=2716 http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/bacterial_vaginosis.html http://www.top10homeremedies.com/home-remedies/home-remedies-bacterial-vaginosis.html BV home remedies all natural cures http://www.myhomeremedies.com/static/yeast-infections.html http://www.naturecures.co.uk/fungi.htm http://www.midwiferytoday.com/articles/garlic.asp http://www.livestrong.com/article/159043-goldenseal-root-powder-vaginitis/ http://www.pau-d-arco.com/Doctorsaid.html Vaginal itching natural cures includes sea salt OK Scabies. Visit your GP if you think you have scabies. It's not usually a serious condition, but it does need to be treated. The two most widely used treatments for scabies are permethrin cream and malathion lotion (brand name Derbac M). Both medications contain insecticides that kill the scabies mite. Permethrin 5% cream is usually recommended as the first treatment. Malathion 0.5% lotion is used if permethrin is ineffective. If your partner has been diagnosed with genital scabies, to avoid reinfection you should visit your nearest sexual health clinic or STD/GUM Clinic so you can be checked and, if necessary, treated. Avoid having sex and other forms of close bodily contact until both you and your partner have completed the full course of treatment. Or Try this link, all natural. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/scabies.html All these links just copy one at a time into google to the www. To open and read. You should fine help here. Good Luck  Hi Id creams are not working, have a talk with your doctor about having an implant put in, but this comes with a warning, could go the other way and give you some funny side effects. But as men we do need to try these things, but you can always have it removed, but would take a couple of weeks to get right. Good Luck  Hi, For the average woman trying to conceive, Aspirin wont make a difference in improving pregnancy outcome. However, there are rare cases where taking a baby aspirin a day may help maintain a pregnancy. Infertility is defined as the inability of a couple getting pregnant after trying for 12 months. Many couples who are unsuccessfully trying to get pregnant desperately search for alternative methods that may improve their chances of having a baby. About 80% of couples with infertility have one or more of only these three problems: Also sperm count problems, Ovulation problems. Pelvic problems. Have you just come off the pill or depo shot or even iud, if any of these has you periods got back there normal cycle yet? then if not just wait till they are, then start trying the normal way. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Its normally done around what would be the first day of your next period, if you miss it. Any help. Good Luck   Hi Its normally done around what would be the first day of your next period, if you miss it. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Lil, Just go see your doctor ASAP, this kind of thing does need to be looked at. Good Luck  Hi, It will take about three days for the entire injection to get into your blood stream but even then it won't take affect for you to notice any change for about 10 days to maybe a couple weeks. The testosterone will be doing it's job within your body's cells but it'll take them time to wake up ~ (so to speak), since they have been without adequate testosterone for some time. You might have to have a second injection before you really notice any significant difference but this depends on how many milligrams he gave you. A normal dose for one week is 100 mg so if you got 200mg or 300 mg, you won't need another for 2 or 3 weeks respectively. You should notice an increase in libido in at least two weeks and your erections should start coming back spontaneously, i.e. morning erections in the first week to 10 days. You will probably notice your energy level increase first and an over all feeling of well being. Do hope this helps you. Good luck  Hi, Your find its from your blood pressure going up, it can give all the side effects you quote, just keep to warm shower, but go see you doctor and have your BP checked out. It could also be from a high sodium diet, being over weight, smoking these are the main ones. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Lil, Just go see your doctor ASAP, this kind of thing does need to be looked at. Good Luck  Hi If you feel its going, just add in some cranberry juice for that extra measure, will give it that final kick. Save going to your doctor. Good Luck  Hi, Common problem with a lot of women, well you could try vitamin B 6, read a good article on this, it got the thumbs up, worked all but three days a month, sex oil which your find lots of place sell, or on line you could also have a read up on www.dodsonandross.com its a site packed with info for women and men on sexual problems, you can also post to Dr Betty Dodson, she's a mind of information on the vagina and its problems. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi For some women it has to be in the fertile days of the month, for others it can be anytime of the month, even having sex during there periods, and pre cum can have male eggs in it. When your having unprotected sex, its a mine field, lots of danger, please be careful, what ever your doing do it safe, either get on BC or use a condom. Good Luck  Hi, OK its simple, you just get your doctor to do a blood test for your hormones, and from this he should be able to tell if your right. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well you could now be in the menopause and ti find this out you do need a blood test for your hormones, its only from this will you find out, or read up about the menopause symptoms. Or the only other thing would be get a pregnancy test done either an HPT or again at a doctor, or try a free clinic for both tests. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Just the once, OK first you need to see if you miss you period, if so then either do a HPT or do a test at your doctors. Did you have sex around day 14 of your cycle or a couple before, you have to remember it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your egg, and your egg only lives for 2 days, see its all down to timing. Sorry its just timing, and a waiting game. Good Luck  Hi Its called Psoriatic Arthritis, if you read this link below, things will become a lot clearer. The link, https://www.rheumatology.org/Practice/Clinical/Patients/Diseases_And_Conditions/Psoriatic_Arthritis/ Just copy this link into google to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi I think your find it would be more down to separation anxiety, meds could help and therapy should help, I think a talk with your vet would be the best way for you to go. Hope you get the help you need. Good Luck  Hi Try this link. https://www.rheumatology.org/Practice/Clinical/Patients/Diseases _And_Conditions/Psoriatic_Arthritis/ This is all one link on both lines. Just copy into google to open and read. Good Luck  Hi I would not do that you find it very confusing, just stick to one morning a week, just before you shower, but before breakfast and naked, would be best way to do it, and just work from that. Same day, same time, your find works best. Good Luck  Hi OK if you click on your name your find it, but its there somewhere, you need to find what you answered under, it will be there, that's the way you get votes on it, other people than the person who posted the question get to vote on it. Any help. Good Luck  Hi Yes its quite possible for some women to go through there whole pregnancy having periods, its just one of the quirks of nature. But like yours only light periods. Just for that extra test to make sure, go see your doctor. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think what ever bit you, just had a good time doing so, you must taste fantastic, that's all I can think of, and your just having an allergic reaction to the bites, either rub some fresh lemon on the area, and again later this will help calm it down, if not some bite cream, and if you have one try a antihistamine, tis will also calm things down. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Could be just a skipped period, they do happen, could be from stress, could be from meds your on, could be from underweight or overweight. Have you done an HPT or been to a doctor for a test yet? All these would help you. Good Luck  Hi Sounds very much like a stroke, if not done already, please seek help, ER would be best ASAP Good Luck  Hi And in this six days was you having unprotected sex?, you then should been using condoms until the 7th day of restarting your pills, which should have been at the restart of your next period. If you was not using condoms for your sexual pleasures, then you could be pregnant. Good Luck PS Having sex without protection leads to unwanted pregnancy's.  Hi Try this then, get it shaved, have a hubby get him to do it, he will love doing that for you, but only shave downwards, that way you get no itching from the hairs, then try taken warm sea salt baths twice a day if you can, you only need enough water to cover your vagina, the sea salt should help clear away what you have, its good for vaginal problems, BV or yeast infections and lots more. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Your just a teenager going through puberty and from what your saying all is normal, this 3 to 4 inch's is this why your erect, if so normal. As for getting unwanted erections, this could be just your brain thinking sexy thoughts, that will do that, looking at girls will also do that, as for seeing your penis through your pants, and having some kind of bulge, that is something your just going to have to live with, but then some girls do love that. OK as for masturbation well we all have done that, mind you your find as you get older, some will say they never have, just be sensible when masturbating always try and use of baby oil as lubrication, it will help you and you never use a tight grip, when we masturbate it should resemble the feeling of a vagina, so your touch should be feather light, if you don't when it comes to having sex, your find that your cant ejaculate. Just remember as you get older and start having sex, safe sex is best, always carry condoms. But don't worry your normal, Good Luck  Hi See Above answer.  Hi Perhaps through your doctor he can find you a good surgeon to do this simple job of cutting it free, done right it should not leave scaring. After the operation make sure you sea salt wash twice a day. Then you should be able to keep your penal health good, washing behind your foreskin daily is the right way to go. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi And the reason your on BC is?  Hi, A vaginal fistula that opens into the rectum is called a rectovaginal fistula . How is it treated? If you have a vaginal fistula, you will most likely need surgery to repair it. Before surgery, your doctor will see whether the tissue is healthy or needs to heal first. You may need medicine or wound care to heal the tissue before surgery. If you have inflammatory bowel disease , your doctor will not do surgery during a symptom flare. If you have a large rectovaginal fistula, you may first have a colostomy . This is to keep the fistula clear for the surgery. After the fistula repair heals, the colostomy is taken out. After fistula repair surgery, be sure to follow your doctor's instructions. See your doctor right away if you have signs of infection, such as a fever, tenderness, swelling, or redness. This is from webmd, so it looks like it can be repaired. So I would see your doctor. Do hope this has helped you. Good Luck  Hi You say a point, do you mean a bump of some king perhaps like a grain of rice?  Hi If fact its the best thing you could do, its very healthy for you, kills all bugs around you, when this gets fixed just watch out for the bugs coming round you, the flu, people shedding the cold bugs around you. Stay cool stay healthy. Good Luck  Hi It could be just an ingrowing hair, or one of two cysts, or if your sexually active and STD. You say you cant see it, tried a mirror? What ever it would be best to see your doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Below your find a very good link, tells all you need to know and from this do you still think you have cancer, http://www.theoncologyinstitute.com/types_of_cancer/testicular-cancer.html Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Hope it helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read, google depo shot side effects, within this you should find some help, to your problem. If not I suggest you go see you gyno. Do hope you find your answer. Good Luck  Hi Your find that's from putting pressure on you system, blood pressure would be the main culprit. But if your really worried go see either your doctor or optician and get some tests done. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry but their advice was right, they have done the ground work, she's had a stroke, and being a walk in clinic there was not a lot else they could do, apart form going to see her doctor ASAP. Sorry their advice was right. Good Luck  Hi OK you have missed your last period? yes, so time to either do a HPT or get a pregnancy test done at your doctors, if at your doctors and if its positive, you can start the ball rolling why your there, set up a scan and the rest that follows, your doctor will tell you all about what will follow. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If its short term 6 to 12 months, long term 2 to 4 years, if its popped out get him back to the doctor who put them in, and take it from there. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Hi Found this in the Mayo clinic, may help one part of your problem with what you have. Complications of pregnancy Marfan syndrome can weaken the walls of the aorta, the main artery that leaves the heart. During pregnancy, a woman's heart is pumping more blood than usual, and this can put extra stress on a woman's aorta  which increases the risk of a deadly dissection or rupture. But I think a test ASAP would be the way to go. Good Luck  Hi Cyndi OK for a start your eyes were playing when you put this picture on, it needs a click round, your side ways on. But will get back to you soon. Dinner is on the table or in the dog if I don't get there.  Hi If I was you I would get your self off to urologist, and get some tests done. Its a man thing that the small head leads the big head, if its not working properly, there goes your sex life. Good Luck  Hi The best thing you can do is go get a test done at your doctors, see how it goes from there. Depending on how long you have been on depo shot, sometimes if its long term it can take up to 2 years to get pregnant, outside chance, but do get a proper test done. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi OK first google this, scabies rash on penis, look at the images at the top of page, then have a read through some of the sites, your see time and time again how it itch's, do you see burrows? this would be from the mites, if not then you don't have scabies, cant think what these wavy lines could be apart from there just your veins. Look before you go off seeing uro's or doctors, just see if they go away, the tea tree may help so would aloe vera, or try mixing both together, in small amounts. End of the day just try to forget it, it may just clear up and be gone. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Forgot to ask this in last answer, just how much masturbating are you doing daily? it could be your down fall and just were your problems are coming from. Try not looking at your penis, it would help you, the more you look and play with it the more your find fault. Good Luck  Hi Animals are just like humans, he's lost his best friend, he's missing him, he knows you love him he just wants you company, its separation anxiety, he's just like us when we lose somebody very close to us. Time is a great healer, have you thought of finding him a friend, do you have a cat sanctuary near you that's looking for homes for older cats, have a look around it, see if you can find a friend, but do it on the grounds if it does not fit in you can take it back, but our find most cats do get on, just keep it in the basket for a while, see how they get on. Do hope your find him a friend. Good Luck  Hi Animals are just like humans, he's lost his best friend, he's missing him, he knows you love him he just wants you company, its separation anxiety, he's just like us when we lose somebody very close to us. Time is a great healer, have you thought of finding him a friend, do you have a cat sanctuary near you that's looking for homes for older cats, have a look around it, see if you can find a friend, but do it on the grounds if it does not fit in you can take it back, but our find most cats do get on, just keep it in the basket for a while, see how they get on. Do hope your find him a friend. Good Luck  Hi, Pearly penile papules or PPP are quite safe, but for you and just an embarrassment, But just for you I found this piece of info, it just might help you both. Although they are not infectious and arent related in any way to sexual activity and personal hygiene, the papules can still be worrying for those who dont know what they are and who may mistake them as an STI. Men with PPP should not pick them or attempt to squeeze them, as this could lead to scarring and infection. It is possible to have the papules removed for cosmetic reasons, which dermatologists may do by using a CO2 laser to vaporise the spots. This does not involve any injections in the penis as an anaesthetic cream can be used and men will be fully healed within one to two weeks. It is important to remember that despite this being a safe and effective procedure, removal is not obligatory. It is often opted for by people who are finding that the papules are affecting their self-confidence. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Sorry about that, so here we go first you have a job, put each of you drugs in one at a time, like this into google, Lyrica side effects there is a site called drugs.com look there each time, then you now need to cross them like Lyrica and Metformin reactions and so on so you build up a picture on how these work with your body. Also see if any if your vits react as well. So most of these drugs are for your ailments? Yes, ok now google natural ways out of depression and anxiety, your find help and all with out drugs apart from 1, 2 and 6, with your fibromyalgia for this go to www.earthclinic.com and look under ailments, now some of this you will need to work with your doctor to come off some of the drugs. Look the less drugs we can put in our body the better you will fill and work, so this may help number 1. So hope some of this will help you. Good Luck  Hi I know as a kid we sore other kids that had, one eye covered, my Mother always said it was for lazy eye. So doing a read up on amblyopia, its the same thing, so when you can just try and cover the good eye up, and let the other do the work, I'm not saying its going to work, but how knows could improve the eyesight by making it work harder. Good Luck  Hi Rony, As this is a visual thing it would be best to either see your doctor or get to a STD/GUM Clinic, I'm not saying its an STD, but the staff do have a lot of knowledge in other problems as well, so for you its toss a coin time. Good Luck  Hi, When looking up info on line, make sure you read a lot more than just one site, this way you should get more than just one opinion, all there all saying the same thing. Then perhaps your doctor or gyno thinks by doing this its going to give it that extra kick for a cure, sometimes it needs it. But as you say if your not happy find another doctor/gyno and get a second opinion, but please explain why your doing it. Good Luck  HI Well all you can do is see if you miss your next period, if so then either do an HPT or get a test done at your doctors, its all you can do, it would be hard for us to speculate at this time. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If its that bad the ER first would be a good thing get it cleaned out first then see how its looking before you get involved with a plastic surgeon. Good Luck  Hi his first call would be his own doctor, and let him/her take it from there, its either that or get him to an ER. Does he not wear a dust mask at work with all this dust? He really needs to watch this, I had a college many years ago, A tiller, just as dusty, he went off one and we never sore him again, his close buddy when he come back said he was dead, it was from the dust it had built up in his throat causing it to close, end of story. So please be warned. Good Luck  Hi Do you know if he is having an orgasm at the time he pass's out?, that can happen. Or it could be low blood pressure, and keeping an erection for a long time would make it lower? This he could get checked out, by his doctor, and is it a regular thing? Please come back, through answer this.  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Go get a blood test for a hormone check, it could be that you having an early menopause, remember it can happen, your family doctor should be able to do this for you. Hope this helps. good Luck  Hi, Just google natural ways out of BP, you should find the answer your looking for there, get this going and you can kick the drugs goodbye. Good Luck  Hi Ithink what your looking at is your hymen, some women have to have this surgically removed, I would see your doctor or a gyno if you have one, see what he or she thinks would be best for you. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi if your healthy I would stay away, but then I'm British and that's the way we think. But you Americans do love your yearly check ups for all things, so its toss a coin time, do I or don't I. Good Luck  Hi Just out of interest, why not try cutting back on the computer for a while, and take it from there, also try taking the screen brightness down. But It really looks like you doing to much computer time, and you may now need glass's Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Brown blood normally means its old blood, as for taken any pills I think you should not waste them, this is a period and it not be wise to take ovulating in a period. Or it could be a miscarriage your having, but your should get in touch with your doctor ASAP Good Luck PS Is there any sign of tissue in this blood? then that would be a sign of a miscarriage.  Hi Ok first I would google natural ways out of stress and depression, that should give you to read and advice, then have read of this link from webmd http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/stress-depression This one could help as well. http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-symptoms-causes-and-effects.htm This link just copy into google to open and read. Hope these help you. Good Luck  Hi I had the same thing around that age and older, I just grow out of it. I don't think its a very healthy to play with sweat glands and not a good idea to suppress it. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi So your wife's cycle is normal 28 day? Yes,. So day one is the first day of her period, around day 14 is ovulation day, give or take a day, now you need to have unprotected sex around day 10, reason it takes male sperm 3 days to get to the womb, and can live in there for up to 10 days at best, if things go well day 21 is implantation day, she may get some spotting, a small amount of bleeding, if she gets this and miss's her next period then she get tested either an HPT or at your doctors. See getting pregnant for some couples is all down to timing, but don't get stressed out trying, live as normal relax and don't worry about getting pregnant, doing that you will never get pregnant, just keep relaxed enjoy your sex life, but not to much up to ovulation day, but after that go for it. But most of just keep happy, it will happen Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Question, how long or have you been on BC either pills or depo shots? As either of these would be a big factor in your problem, and how long if you were on either have you been off them.  Hi The old way would be to get it some glass's cover up the good eye, this then makes the weaker one stronger, not sure what the more modern way would be, perhaps its still the same. Thanks to the UKs NHS found you this. Treating a lazy eye The majority of cases of lazy eye can be treated, usually in two stages. The underlying problem is first corrected. This can be done using glasses to correct the focus of the eye, which often helps to correct a squint as well. The child is then encouraged to use the affected eye again. This can be done with eye patches to cover the stronger eye, or using eye drops to temporarily impair the vision in the strong eye. Treatment is often effective, but it's a gradual process, taking many months to work. So there you go I was nearly right. Good Luck  Hi If you have two cats its a normal thing when a cat comes in, the other cat will go up and smell the breath, amongst other things. So if you just have the one cat then your now its mate, so he/she wants to smell you and you breath. Good Luck  Hi I had an MRI for one in my knee, so should work on you foot, have you been icing it, this is a way that could help to heal it, they can heal there self's, also with some tens treatment could soon have you back running around. Try seeing a phyiso, he/she could help you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS A cheap pack of frozen peas are good for ice packing, they mould around then just refreeze them, put them in a thin cloth, stops burns.  Hi, If your happy its not Pyronies disease, because you have had this bend for ever, you could try jelqing, its a PE exercise, along with some stretching, this should help your problem. For this just go to www.pegym.com, look under exercises, but also have a look around the site, get comfortable with it, Ok this is not a quick fix it will take time, just follow what the say its important you do that, you never rush or push any program, a warning if you do you could end up with ED, jelqing has rules just stick to them, your be OK. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As you say you have now gone past your period date then get a test done, that would tell you yes on no. As for your next question, and if you are pregnant, have you thought of the abortion pill? Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Did some research and found you this, it could help you. Your doctor may suggest that you take the following self-care steps to help manage venous insufficiency. Wear compression stockings to decrease swelling. Do not sit or stand for long periods. Even moving your legs slightly helps keep the blood flowing. Care for wounds if you have any open sores or infections. Lose weight if you are overweight. If your condition is severe, your doctor may recommend the following treatments: Sclerotherapy : Salt water (saline) or a chemical solution is injected into the vein. The vein hardens and then disappears. Ablation: Heat is used to close off and destroy the vein. The vein disappears over time. Vein stripping: Small surgical cuts (incisions) are made in the leg near the damaged vein. The vein is removed through one of the incisions. Bypass: This is surgery to reroute blood flow around the blocked vein. A tube or blood vessel taken from your body is used to make a detour around, or bypass, the damaged vein. Valve repair: A small incision is made in the leg and the damaged valve is repaired. Angioplasty and stenting: This is a procedure to open a narrowed or blocked vein. Angioplasty uses a tiny medical balloon to widen the blocked vein. The balloon presses against the inside wall of the vein to open it and improve blood flow. A tiny metal mesh tube called a stent is then placed inside the vein to it from narrowing again. Surgery (varicose vein stripping) or other treatments for varicose veins may be recommended if you have: Leg pain, which may make your legs feel heavy or tired Skin sores caused by poor blood flow in the veins Thickening and hardening of the skin on the legs and ankles (lipodermatosclerosis) This was from www.nim.nih.org Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi you forgot to say what you have?  Hi OK Been doing some research on this. if you had no complications then there should be no signs, means your clear. Good Luck  Hi Your doctor would be best as its a visual thing, these are a bit hard to see, unless you do post pictures. Good Luck  Hi, If its been in there for sometime, you have a chance getting shock symptoms, its best you get off to an ER. So don't just sit there, go now. Good Luck  Hi The thing to remember, first its free to anybody with a computer, second, as for visual things, there a bit hard, third its normally quick way of getting an answer, or more than one if wait 24 hours, this way you can get a choice of answers. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try this, for the next few days, twice a day give your self a warm sea salt bath, but firs you let the water get inside your vagina, and let it soak awhile. you should find that this will help with your problem of an itch. You can google sea salt and the vagina for more info. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi I think in 5 days it should have passed, just give it another 24 hours then of to the ER, he will need that x-ray to be on the safe side. Or do another search. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi Your find overtime, that doing it to much masturbating to porn will shut down your sexual receptors, this will give you ED, now that's something you don't need. One other problem if you have it is masturbating with a grip of steel, if so you need to change it to a feather light touch, this replicates the vagina, add in some baby oil and you can re-educate your penis to better things and ready for some real love making with a women that smells nice. So first bit of advice is this, get rid of all you porn sites, clear out any porn down loads, and last throw away anything you have on disc, sounds harsh but that would be a big step forward. Now if your not getting any nocturnal erection and morning woods, then your on the brink of ED, just try taking a break for a few weeks, its called rebooting your body, give it a chance, your body is good at healing itself, just give it that chance. Hope this bit helps you. Good Luck  Hi Yes do see your doctor, get a blood test done, could be the start of your menopause, the blood test will tell you if you are. Do hope this helps, its just a sign of, like me aging. Good Luck  Hi, Well 14 if you google sharp stinging behind nipple, you will find that your not alone, and answers are varied, Have you tried icing it, get some crushed ice in a plastic bag, let it sit if you can for twenty minutes at a time, see how this works for you, this will attract extra blood into the area, who knows it might help. Good Luck  Hi, It could be just simple trapped wind and it can last this long if not relieved, just try some extra strong mints or peppermint cordial but take it strong then go for a good walk. But when it comes up hold on to your hat, it comers out that good. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Somehow your details have got lost in cyberspace, try doing it again. Good Luck  Hi, Well you may think that this is silly, but if you think about it, it should work. Ok your stuck, then eat a couple of chocolate bars, what this does it gives our systems a kick start, but try coming down to 1200 and every third day do a 500, you find hard but can work, for the 500, these days your find fruit is a very good filler, low on cals but don't use a banana as one of the fruits, and get out brisk walking if you can do an hour, great for the heart, colon and the rest of your body. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi It seems that yes its very safe for use as a massage oil or for use as a sexual aid, there's even some one who uses it with condoms after doing a test with it and condoms. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Well you either start with your doctor, or gyno and get some tests done, but this is something you should been doing 18 months ago. But its your choice. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi As you have not said which BC you were on, it makes it hard, if it was depo shot and depending how long you were on it could be up to 2 years, with BC pills could be 6 to 9 months. One thing to keep in mind is how long you were on it, what ever you were on just google the side effects, and also how long to get pregnant. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Well as its been two months, now would be a good time to go get tested, STD/GUM Clinic would be a good place to go. Good Luck  Hi This just sounds like a bit of scaring, just eat some dry toast 3 times a day, this will slowly scrape it off, and make things a lot better for you. Worked for me many years ago and my daughter when she had hers out in the mid 80s. Hope it works for you. Good Luck  Hi heres a couple of links that may help and may help you find some more leads. But to find some more in just google this, diesel fuel exposure side effects http://www.aft.org/pdfs/healthsafety/fs_diesel0804.pdf http://www.dhs.wisconsin.gov/eh/chemfs/fs/fueloil.htm I do hope these are of some help. Good Luck  Hi If I was you I would go straight back to my gyno, or this could be a hair follicle's that are now not doing you any good, but again see your gyno. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If MI is still hot and steamy, then you will still get mosquito's and different times of the year, your find the bites are different. Do you use a mosquito bug repelant, like the plug in ones in your bedroom, they work for around 8 hours, plug them in about an hour before bed. Try one and see how you get on, if its somewhere else around the inside of your house, give a spray under furniture. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try this, give your vagina a sea salt wash, or better still bath in warm sea salt water, this will help cleanse and heal your tear, try doing it twice a day if you can. Your be surprised how this will help. Good Luck  Hi, Anxiety, did a check, as one should, they match, have a look at this link, you should see the same, but please don't go looking for drugs. Please google natural ways out of anxiety, you answer would be best there. Your link. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Anxiety/Pages/Symptoms.aspx Good Luck  Hi Google this, sclerotherapy for breast veins, I think you will find your answer to your problem. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Have you been doing a lot of kissing, this something that can happen, your find its not that much to worry about, as you say it goes away. Good Luck  Hi, Good question, with just to many answers, you say you looked around the web? yes, did you google this, blood test came back weak b negative your see just how confusing it is to find an answer on just that info. Is there anymore facts you can give just to help search. Just come back through answer this, above. Good Luck  Hi I have never used this product, but there is a guy on here who know doubt will come a long and tell you how good it is, and that in contains vitamin E and here's a link to there site, http://www.man1health.com/ But if you get your own carrier oil you can add some aloe vera, coconut oil, or almond oil, even some olive oil, you can buy some vitamin E oil, and mix up you own oil, all these things are good for skin, and see how it goes. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try this, give your vagina a sea salt wash, or better still bath in warm sea salt water, this will help cleanse and heal your tear, try doing it twice a day if you can. Your be surprised how this will help. Good Luck  Hi from what I can read, Nortriptylin is your problem its a weight gainer, you may need to have a chat with your doctor to change over to another drug for your migraines, could be that simple. Do hope this helps. Good Luck PS just google Nortriptylin and weight gain.  Hi Do you have this? Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) I will ad a site later, some people get this from working under florescent lighting, its not that good for you, this is a great way of sucking your D out of you. This site is from the UKs NHS, so it must be good, I come from there as well. http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Seasonal-affective-disorder/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just copy into google to the www. To open and read. Should also help you. Good Luck  Hi When you get the chance just get out in the sun summer or winter, its just 15 minutes a day, they say, but me being a naturist, I get out as mush as I can, end of the day its free, your blood picks up the suns rays and it gets converted in your liver to D, and away you go. All free from the good old current bun. Current bun = sun, cockney rhyming slang, all from the East End of London. Good Luck  Hi Do you mean you had your period a week ago? and now a week later you seeing some blood on wiping, so could you be pregnant? The question is do you want to be pregnant, and have you been having unprotected sex? so if yes the either do a HPT or do a test at your doctor. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This could be a change in your natural mucus inside your vagina, so try neutral soaps, cotton pants and if need be go commando, its giving your vagina some air. it will love you, your getting do discharge, so no problem. It could also be washing to much? I know your thinking, be clean, but it could be this that is giving you the problem. Also look at your diet, we are what we eat, also any meds your on. Also no fem fresh, no panty pads, all day pads, all out. Hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi With raynards you tend to get dead white fingers that go really cold. I get over mine with Borax acid, I take a quarter teaspoon in a liter of water, drink through the day, this opens you veins to to allow blood to flow, it works similar to Viagra Have a look on www.earthclinic.com, if you put Borax acid in the search box you should get Teds post on come up. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If your breast feeding, it could be that, just give it another month then see your doctor, if your not breast feeding. Good Luck  Hi Yes and a tip, blood in stools or urine, get to your doctor ASAP Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi By the sound of you OK, now your down to 3 cigs a day, time to go all the way and kick it, I did the same 17 years ago, mind it takes you it takes time to really kick the habit, there are times now when it would be so easy to pick up a smoke, its times like that when self control kicks in. But you sound OK Good Luck  Hi Try this link, it will either help or your hate me, but its all I could find on blocked milk ducts, but please read it all the way down, it gets better. The Link http://kellymom.com/bf/concerns/mother/mastitis/ Hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi So your saying your heart rate is like half of what it should be? Have you got that right?  Delays in menstrual periods can be caused by a few things. Depending on who you are it could be because of menopause, stress, and a few more factors. When your doctor said your hormones were alright, did they give you any insight on what could be be the cause? I would recommend you go back to the doctor so that they could determine the actual cause. Best wishes.    As men grow older, their testosterone levels slowly decline which could be a reason. First things first, talk to him about it.  If it does not go away, then go to your doctor, that would be the best thing to do.  Look to his diet. Increase his fiber and avoid all antihistamines.    Go see a physical therapist, its what they go to school for!  Trying to get pregnant can be exciting, but also frustrating at times. Your wife would have to ovulate before being able to conceive, so conception just before ovulation would not cause her to have a negative ovulation predictor test. It is possible that she had not ovulated yet or that she did not ovulate at all that month. It is possible that the weird feeling was because she was getting close to ovulating. Remember that it is important to test for ovulation for at least 7 days midcycle. Regardless, if her period does not start when anticipated, then take a pregnancy test. Remember that 85% of couples trying to conceive will do so in 1 year.  Your doctor should be able to view enough of you cervix to perform an endometrial biopsy. Typically a special instrument, called a tenaculum, is used to grasp the cervix and pull it forward so that the biopsy can be performed easily. What may actually cause difficultly in performing the biopsy is if your cervical canal is stenotic (severely narrowed).  I would not recommend taking supplemental iron unless you are anemic or are instructed to so by your doctor. You may want to consider trying a good multivitamin which will have some iron in it. Talk to your doctor about what would be best for you. Taking high doses of iron when not needed can be dangerous, but this would be very unlikely.  You really do need to see a doctor because you are not getting the most out of life with these feelings. I suspect that if you are not in the midst of 'the change,' that you are then most likely experiencing panic/anxiety disorder. The first time my doctor told me--after ending up in the clinic per ambulance the second time--'this is anxiety.' I wish she would have gone into detail. The third time, I said, "Okay, explain what it is you are trying to tell me." I was 51 and totally clueless what she had been telling me until it was explained. There is a light at the end of the tunnel and it is only a train if you don't seek help. Without help, for either condition (or something else not mentioned) you are heading for a train wreck.  instantly  Hi and welcome! As was suggested above, if you are feeling an urge to harm yourself in any way, please call 911 or go to the emergency room immediately. Here also are some Crisis Resources where you can find folks to reach out to if you are in need. You may also want to visit our Depression Community to find others to talk to who have been in similar situations. Often, a little support goes a long way. Take care of yourself! The WebMD Answers Staff  Sounds like paranormal activity.  10 night melatonin and 5 night sustained release melatonin...he takes every night  Thank tou for the replies. I got my MRI finding two buldging disk in my lower back (forgot which ones lol) and severe artritist in my hip and problems in my SI join. They RX hydrocodone 5/325x2 daily and flexeril x3 a day which made me too tired so they took me off. I had the lumbar steroid injection which left me in more pain than before. But I'm going to give it one more try because I rather try anything to have my life back. Instead of seeing the actual doctor I've been seeing the Nurse practitioner and she had been amazing and I've been building a relationship with her which is great. She has also changed my meds to hydrocodone 7.5/325x3 a day and robaxin x3 d day. So far this combo is slightly helping but I still am having trouble sleeping at night it seems like that's when I hurt the worse. She said on my next appt we will try a anti anxiety med to help me sleep. Thanks again for your replies nice to know I'm not the only one out there. God bless  If money is a problem with the counselor, I think you can discuss a fee adjustment until your job and your salary pick up. I don't think that's unreasonable.      Have not had a specific blood test yet  Actually, for self-treatment in the field, we don't really encourage travelers to touch base with a provider before starting treatment. Many travelers will be in areas where providers may not be up to the standard of care that travelers are used to, or may be in places where the medications they can obtain are not safe -- there is a big market in counterfeit medications in some developing nations. So we urge people to get the medications they may need -- and some education on when and how to use them -- from their provider before traveling. Then they can self-treat as long as they have only a mild to moderate case of travelers' diarrhea.  You could be getting migraines. go see your family doc if they persist. Good luck.  Hi! I have three friends whom had meningitis at birth and they are all three just fine. I suffered years ago from social situation and nothing was wrong at my birth. I had to get on a antidepressant and that really help socially. The not being able to taste, I'm not sure about, I really don't think its social or neurological and I myself am a counselor LPC Radford va! Sounds more like a medical problem or possibly a psychological problem that you can overcome. I could not eat in social situation in college, I felt like vomiting but I did overcome this. Hope this helps and you are on your way to feeling better! God Bless!  How old is your son?  Hi! I am as we'll hypoglycemic but not diabetic. Have you been diagnosed as diabetic? I to in the mornings crave sugar because my sugar gets so low while sleeping. Sugary protects not the healthiest but there are several healthy foods that could make you feel better! Fiber bars, protein bars. There healthy but will give you the energy you need.  DRINK LOTION YOU WILL BE BACK TO THE OPERA HOUSE IN NO TIME BABI!!!  Check ur email.  That might depend on the nature of the vision problems you are concerned with, and the medications you are taking for them. Some cases of pain in the trigeminal distribution can be caused by discrete benign tumor, AVM, aneurism, MS plaques, or other structural anomalies close to the trigeminal nerve. You'll need high resolution imagery of the brain to resolve root causes for this sort of thing. I write as a non-physician patient advocate for chronic face pain patients during the past 18 years. I am one of the moderators at "Living With TN", http://www.livingwithtn.org. Feel free to visit. We have over 3200 members, with a wealth of experience and knowledge to offer. Regards Red Lawhern, Ph.D. Moderator, Living With TN  The only way you can know for sure is to see your doctor immediately. You don't want to mess around with your health, especially by waiting. If your doctor isn't available, go to the emergency room. You'll gain peace of mind by knowing once and for all.  See an eye doctor to better know if this is something to worry about. If you have high blood pressure, or diabetes - don't wait, get to the hospital immediately.  it must be because of gastric in your body due to stress or not getting proper sleep. be sure that you have the medical insurance also  Any chest pain that occurs in someone that has known coronary disease, as you do with the three stents, should be evaluated by a physician, especially if the symptoms are consistent with those occurring before the stents were placed. Other concerning symptoms are chest pains or discomfort that occur with exertion or stress. While there are many causes of chest discomfort, please take seriously these symptoms given the past history and talk with your doctor.  ... You do not necessarily need a high risk OB. Your doctor will be just fine. Your age does increase the risk of complications, but nothing your physician cannot handle. He/she may refer you to a high risk OB (MFM) to see you several times during the pregnancy for a consultation, maybe genetic counseling (due to your age) and maybe a few extra ultrasounds due to your age. You should be able to stay with your OB unless he no longer takes the insurance you now have. ...  Dr. Kotler: Every operation has a certain routine post operative course, and depending on the procedure, there may be 1 or more visits in the first week. But you should know ahead of time whats routine. For example, if you have nasal surgery only for cosmetic purposes, you will be seen 5 days later, at which time well take off the little splint, like we did for our patient Laura today. Nothing else need be done by use during that period of time, and the little packing or tampon that we put in the nose the day of the surgery, the patient pulls out the next day themselves at home, it doesnt even need an office visit. Now this assuming that everything is going according to the plan, and by the way, the post-op instruction and advice sheet says this is what you can expect and if you dont, if this isnt happening, or if something is happening that is not on here, call the doctor. And were available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, by cell phone, by home phone so there is no reason why they cant be in touch. But they know what to expect and they have all the tools to tend to themselves. On the other hand, the patient who has the 6 hour face and neck lift and upper and lower eyelid surgery, and maybe even a nose thrown in, we need to see them the next day. We need to check them, and we need to see them the following day. There may even be a little drainage vacuum tube that we have to take out that has been pulling fluid out of the tissues so the face doesnt swell. And we tell the patient, you know what, we may have to see you for another day yet, and these things are all determined as you go along so they know what to expect. So it depends on the patient. The patient that bruises a lot thats probably going to have a little more swelling, that little suction tube may have to stay in an extra day. Ive told the patient that ahead of time. I say based on your history, I think you may need this not the usual 2 days, but 3 days, but were going to play it by ear, well see how you look the next day. So when we finish an operation at 3:00 in the afternoon, that patient is going to be seen by 8 or 9 the next morning. Were not going to wait until the end of the day to see them, because what if something needs attention? Its too late. We need to see them and attend to things when theres lots of help around, consultants available, whatever we need. Its all common sense.  Hello Friend, You don't have to worry about any thing, i assure you that you won't get pregnant, because you have your period, and finger does not cause pregnancy, even it has some premature ejaculatory.  You may have a genetic condition called KERATOSIS PILARIS . Keep in mind that this is just a guess since I cannot examine you. I suspect one of your parents have this as well. This is a very common skin condition and very difficult to treat; impossible to cure. If it helps, I have it too. Do a Google Search for medical articles about keratosis pilaris.  You have hypertension and need to be on medication to control your blood pressure...that is what those numbers mean. If your doctor is not taking these elevated readings or your chest discomfort seriously, you need to see a cardiolgist or internist for a higher-level evaluation. You also need to see an ophthalmologist for you eye problems.  Unfortunately, I have no way of seeing those "red stripes" over the Internet to offer you a patient-specific answer. If you are concerned, you will need to have a medical professional examine you first-hand....not something that I can accomplish in this forum. Sore throat and ear pain are all reasons to seek medical care.  I can't view your image, but I have seen plenty of tonsil stones and ugly tonsils in my career, so I don't think it is necessary for me to see your throat, but it is necessary for an ENT to see your throat if you feel you are in need to a tonsillectomy. Tonsil stones (tonsilliths) alone rarely qualify for a tonsillectomy, although this would certainly cure the stone problem. Insurance companies will typically approve a tonsillectomy if recommended by an ENT for such reasons as recurrent Strep infections, Strep carrier state, peritonsillar abscess, sleep apnea, or tonsils so enlarged that are obstructing the airway or your ability to swallow. You can't just go in and ask for a tonsillectomy and get one.  Unfortunately, it would not be possible for me, or any medical provider for that matter, to be able to offer you a diagnosis blindly over the Internet. Not only do you need to be carefully examined, but the doctor will need to take a thorough medical history and order some diagnostic lab tests. It would not be possible or prudent to guess what may be causing "pain all over your body", so you will need to see a medical professional to start the diagnostic process.  Drug store clinics are just fine for this type of medical issue. You may have a case of and need some prescription antibiotic/steroid ear drops. In the meantime, a solution of 50% white vinegar (acetic acid) and 50% water - a few "body temperature" drops instilled in the problematic ear a few times per day will help  It is unlikely that neither one would feel comfortable treating this problem. You may need to see an ENT specialist, but it is okay to consult with your family practitioner or dentist to be sure.  Insurance or not, making an accurate diagnosis is required BEFORE a treatment plan is determined. I know this injury is untimely, but these things happen. If your car broke down, your car insurance wouldn't fix it...you would have to come up with the money to do it. The same deal goes with your husband. Borrow money...charge the visit to a credit card....have the facility bill you and pay later....either way, the evaluation needs to be done FIRST. There is absolutely no way for me or any medical professional to be able to tell you the reason for his "side pain", since we don't even know which side or the location on that side. Without knowing his medical history, I couldn't even recommend ibuprofen. Get him the care he needs....worry about paying for it later. An urgent care facility is a fraction of the cost of an ER, so this is what I suggest. Most even have their own x-rays.  That would be a (a colo-rectal surgeon). In some areas, a gastroenterologist or general surgeon may do this type of procedure. An anal abscess can be a simple drainage procedure, or a more involved surgical removal, so finding the most skilled specialist is important.  If you don't, who is going to ask her. Cutting can be a very serious psychological problem, so if you suspect she is cutting, this needs to be addressed immediately. Do it with genuine concern and understanding. If she is, you will need to have her see a psychiatrist.  For most healthy people, who do not have any underlying medical problems, and only need a vision exam....the OPTOMETRIST is fine. They are highly-trained professionals. An OPHTHALMOLOGIST is a physician who is an eye specialist...most do surgery and treat individuals with serious eye disorders.  Bleeding in a child with tubes can be a sign of infection, or a sign that those tubes are extricating (falling out). The only way to make that determination would be by an otoscopic ear examination...not something that can be accomplished over the Internet. She will need to see a medical provider or ENT at this point.  My opinion is that sheep placenta products are pure quackery...absolutely worthless.  When you have a hard or large size stool, it may "milk" semen from your prostate gland. This would be one possible explanation for your discharge. Another, of course, would be a prostate infection or even an sexually-transmitted disease. In order to be properly diagnosed, you will need to see a medical provider so you can be properly examined.  This question has been wonderfully answered by Dr. Hoffman in another WebMD Answer posting.... http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1195064/what-causes-a-low-white-blood  Taking antidepressants is not a prerequisite for seeing a psychiatrist.  I have no idea what your medical provider is treating or if Zithromax was the appropriate treatment for your diagnosis. Antibiotic do not work for viral infections, nor does Zithromax work for everything.... I would suggest that you call your medical provider for patient-specific advice in this matter. Some viral infections have fevers that can last 3-4 days, no matter what medication you are taking.  Your daughter may have, or be developing a urinary tract infection, or perhaps, some urethritis (irritation at the urinary opening). She should be drinking plenty of liquids and should see her medical provider as soon as possible for a urinalysis to determine if she has an infection.  You won't find bed bugs on your skin...they tend to feast and then go back home (in your bed). Here is an opportunity for you to educate yourself about this problem: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/ss/slideshow-bedbugs  This should help you..... http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/guide/leprosy-symptoms-treatments-history  A varicella-vaccinated child who is re-exposed to chicken pox may get a "sub-clinical" case....one that is very, very mild. However, there are dozens of other viral illnesses that can cause those vague symptoms of low-grade fever, and a few non-specific skin bumps. It may be premature to assume he has chicken pox. Observation only would be a prudent course of action at this point. Chicken pox, even the sub-clinical cases, will tend to worsen for a few days, so your answer may be more obvious. If he wakes up tomorrow and his bumps have resolved, then it probably was not chicken pox.  It is really not up to me, or anyone, to tell you whether you should be concerned or not. Clearly, you are concerned so my suggestion for you is to call the OB now....not wait two weeks....and talk to him/her, or the advice RN if he has one. Many women have no idea they are pregnant until their pregnancy is quite far. They did not have any symptoms either.  You can start with your primary care medical provider and have some basic diagnostic tests, or you can be referred directly to a rhematologist.  Ibuprofen, taken over time, can cause a stomach bleed, but blood from the stomach will not show up bright red in the stool. It would be BLACK as tar. A more likely source for bright red blood would be a location near the anal opening....a tiny fissure (tear), hemorrhoid, skin tag, etc. Hold off on the ibuprofen and aspirin for now and see your medical provider. This is really the only way you could possibly find the source, assuming the bleeding area has not already healed. You medical provider can give you some home stool-blood tests to do to check for any occult (hidden) blood that can be mixed with the stool and not obvious when using the toilet or wiping.  I can't examine you, so I have no way of confirming or disputing the diagnosis, but there is a sinus (mastoid sinus) located behind both ears....the bony prominence that you feel. The mastoid sinus connects with the middle ear, so usually there are ear-related symptoms. There are also lymph nodes in this area.  Why are you having unprotected sex? I would say you are NOT "good to go" until you get cleared by your STD testing AND you buy a ready supply of condoms and start using them....for your protection and the protection of your partners. There is no way for me to know the true nature of your lesion (scab or STD) based on description. This requires an examination by someone skilled with diagnosing STDs of all types.  NO...niacin does not cause cancer.  You can get a fake pregnancy belly and wear it 24 hours a day. Put a real tight band around your lower abdomen so that you have to urinate all of the time. Carry and extra 30 or 40 pounds around...again, 24 hours a day. Throw away all of your clothes and buy some big ones. Yes, a pregnant woman can be a beautiful, glowing person. A pregnant man? Not so much.  You may have sustained a small corneal abrasion from this incident. Corneal abrasions heal quickly but are at risk for a secondary infection....and chickens are not known for their high levels of personal hygiene. You can see your optometrist, and urgent care facility, or your primary care provider. Most will have the ability to fluorescein-stain your eye check it for an abrasion, but always ask first when you make your appointment. This visit should be as soon as possible.  You are correct. Levoquin is an antibiotic and antibiotics do not work for viruses. The diagnosis of "viral bronchitis" is usually based solely on a clinical assumption since the medical provider probably did not perform a plethora of diagnostic tests that would confirm it. In the outside chance that a viral bronchitis could progress to a secondary bacterial infection, a clinician may still empirically prescribe an antibiotic. Since I do not know the details of the case or the medical history, I cannot comment whether this antibiotic was warranted or not.  Not knowing the type of spider (venomous or not) or the age/wieght of your son,. I would advise you to seek medical care. An area of swelling the "size of an orange" is very concerning.  Prostate cancer can be one of the slower progressive cancers. Depending on the age and health status of this family member, the doctor may feel that aggressive therapy (surgery, radiation, etc.) may not be appropriate at this time and wants to have some watchful waiting. Since I don't know the details of his case, it is difficult guess at the reasons. There is absolutely no reason not to have a consultation from an oncologist, or have a second opinion from another urologist when it comes to these management decisions. Doctors are like chefs. They all "cook" a bit differently, so having some additional, expert opinions can be helpful. One of my best friends was diagnosed with prostate cancer two weeks ago, had a complete prostatectomy this week because of his profound cancer fear, only to find out that (a) his cancer wasn't as bad as they thought, and (b) a complete prostatectomy was probably not needed. Had he had waited a bit longer, had another opinion, and did his own research, he may not have jumped right to the operating room.  If you are concerned that you have anemia, the ONLY way that you can determine this is to have a blood test for hemoglobin. You will need to have your doctor order this test unless you can find a lab to order one on yourself. If you are anemic, your treatment options would depend on the extent of the anemia, and TYPE of anemia. Not all cases of anemia are related to blood loss or iron-deficiency in the diet. Some can be self-treated by nutritional changes, while others cannot. As a vegetarian, it is your responsibility to make sure you are getting sufficient nutrients, including PROTEIN and iron-containing foods(occasionally deficient in some vegetarian diets).  I have no way of confirming or disputing this chiropractor's diagnosis, but I do have issues with the treatment plan. Degeneration by definition is "wear and tear, often due to aging". I don't believe it is possible to reverse aging by chiropractic adjustments, but then again, I am not a chiropractor who believes in those things. Before mortgaging your house, see an orthopedist for a medical opinion and have some imaging studies read by a radiologist. I think you will find a different perspective on your neck and low back issues  No one can be adequately diagnosed over the Internet based solely on a description. You will need to be examined by a medical provider since there can be sooooo many reasons. It is possible that not all of your symptoms are "connected" (a person can have more than one medical issue at the same time). You may need a Strep test for your throat....or even a test for mononucleosis, but a medical provider would need to make that decision based on your examination findings.  An ophthalmologist is a physician with the most expertise in this area, although many optometrists and primary care clinicians are capable to dealing with this issue. Most minor scratches quickly heal, but it is recommended to be on an eye drop containing antibiotics to prevent an infection, and people have corneal scratches from conjunctivitis (pink eye) are already using it.  He is truly a lazy man.....but, no one will likely get any diseases from his odd bathroom habits. Urine is considered sterile unless the person has a bladder or kidney problem (or a sexually-transmitted disease), so germs will not jump out of that bottle and cause any type of illness in you or him. Disgusting habit? Perhaps. Unless there is a major snow storm or other compelling reason, I see no reason why this person cannot just get up and go to the proper toilet facilities like everyone else. Well, at least he is not peeing out of a window or confusing his urine collection bottle with a water bottle!  This would be an impossible question to blindly discuss in this forum since we do not know anything about you, your medical history, or...more importantly, have any way of examining your eyes. It is very important that you see an eye care professional, or your primary care medical provider so that you can get to the bottom of these blurred vision episodes.  He needs to see a neurologist . They will not cure his stubborness, however, but they may be able to determine the cause of his symptoms, and perhap, find a solution. It is interesting that you used the term "penalty of death" since these symptoms could, indeed, be serious and his failure to take care of himself by seeing a specialist could have dire consequences.   is one possibility; an inner ear infection that is really diagnosed by symptoms alone (the doctor cannot see your inner ear). You could be many, many causes for your symptoms, so consider getting a second opinion from a neurologist (because of the headache).  An ER doctor has the equipment and most-likely, the skill, to locate an remove a fish bone. I am not sure your primary care doctor is equally-equipped and skilled and may send you to an ENT specialist. These tiny bones can be unbelievably annoying, so it is your choice to wait or not.  Keep in mind that there are many reasons for ear pain, including a few different types of infections (swimmer's ear, middle ear infection, eustachian tube disfunction, etc.). Since I do not have any way of determining the exact reason for the ear pain, the only that that you can do is treat the pain. Ibuprofen or acetaminophen is really all that you can do until your see a medical provider and have the child properly examined.  All the doctor needs to do is just look in your mouth....the tonsils are easily visible. A decision to do a throat swab is really based on your medical history an the appearance of your throat/tonsils.  E.coli is the most common bacteria that causes a urinary tract infection (UTI). Assuming you are a female (men rarely get UTIs), the bacteria came from your own rectum, located quite near the vagina/urethra. Bacteria that normally live in the colon can thrive in the neighboring vaginal area as well. Since the female urethra is so short, it doesn't take much for the bacteria to migrate into the bladder. Sexual intercourse often helps it along....  Don't be embarrassed. Half of the people on this planet have penises; and 85% of those are uncircumcised (the way Nature made you). You are going to need some medical help....a prescription for a special steroid cream that can help you retract your foreskin in about a month or so. If not, there are other methods that can be done. Do NOT force the retraction to the point where you may be unable to pull it back again. This can create a painful tourniquet from the tight foreskin. This can be fixed, my friend, but you need to talk to your Mum. I think she knows you have a penis, even though she hasn't seen it for a while. She can find you a male medical provider who can help.  He can start with his primary care medical provider. While an orthopedist or rheumatologist could be needed, the primary care provider would be able to determine which one would be appropriate, based on his or her examination and diagnostic blood tests.  No, an ingrown toenail will not cause diarrhea. There are no rules in medicine that states that a person can only have one medical problem at a time or that all symtpoms have to be connect to just one condition. So, the diarrhea is due to "something else"... If you are taking antibiotics for your ingrown nail, then that can cause diarrhea.  I can't blindly tell you "what it is" over the Internet. I would need to examine you and perhaps, send a specimen off to pathology. Clearly, the dermatologist is your SKIN specialist, so if you lesion is bigger, I would suggest that you go back. Forego the steroid injection until you consult the dermatotogist again, or see a different dermatologist for a second opinion.  Of course. This is really the ONLY way to get a accurate diagnosis -- the reason for you vaginal odor and post-coital spotting. There can be many reasons....from infections to a retained tampon (assuming you use tampons). Get it checked out.  You are treating a fever incorrectly.....! First, fever is harmless and does not need to be treated. Second, you don't ever use rubbing alcohol sponge baths since this does tend to raise the temperture when the thermal sensors on the skin send signals to the brain the this child is "cold". This causes shivering, and shivering raises body temperature. You also do not wrap up a child to "sweat it out". As a matter of fact, sweating allows the body to naturally cool when air is passed over it. This is not a very high fever at all. If you want to give her some acetaminophen or ibuprofen, then this is fine. Keep her well hydrated and out of those baths! Most febrile events in children are caused by simple viral infections, so you can certainly see her regular medical provider if you are concerned. Going to the ER would not likely be indicated.  Not necessarily. Some women produce large amounts of HCG (the hormone that is detected in a pregnacy test) with a single fetus. Be patient....you will either find out when you have an ultrasound (most likely), or when two babies surprise you in the delivery room (those kind of surprises are rare anymore).  I do not know of any contraindications for exercise restriction while anyone is on Cipro, or for months after. Any restrictions that your doctor recommended has nothing to do with the medication, but your other health concerns. Since I do not know you full medical history, it is best to get patient-specific exercise parameters from your doctor -- someone who does have this information.  Based on what you have shared, you would not likely be a candidate for using Accutane -- a treatment for a specific type of acne called cystic acne or acne vulgaris. I doubt you would find a dermatologist who would prescribe Accutane, but this would require a dermatology consultation.  There can be hundreds of reasons for a change in your menstrual cycle, but being 26 is not one of them. If this irregular cycle does not self-correct and it is concerning you, you would need to see your gynecologist for a consultation.  It is time to go back again.....your doctor may either aspirate (again) or suggest that you have a surgical procedure to completely remove these painful cysts once and for all.  Certainly, a peanut sensitivity (allergy? food intolerance?) may exist. IL would think it wise to have an allergist test your child for a peanut allergy, just to be safe. In the meantime, avoidance of peanut products would be prudent.  The last five day treatment is probably azithromycin - an antibiotic that you take for five days, but stays working for ten. This drug is convenient to take, but many of the pathogens that cause middle ear infections in children are now resistant to it. The first drug was probably amoxicillin. Your son may need something else, assuming the infection is a bacterial type. Many ear infections are viral. A child under six months who is getting ear infection is more likely to be a frequent-flyer of sorts. They may end up getting LOTS of them, and often end up getting tubes. A child in day-care or one exposed to tobacco smoke is likely to get more ear infections. A child who was not, or is not breat fed, will also get more. The next step may be to see an ENT specialist for a consultation. If your child has middle ear fluid that has been persistent, the ENT may recommend tubes.  I cannot specifically advise you since I do not have the ability to SEE or EXAMINE your injuries, so seeing a medical provider would be prudent -- a vague description is not sufficient information to determine the significance of your injuries.  An ultrasound is only as accurate at the technician doing the exam, so yes, things can be missed. A cystic mass (spermatocele) should be able to be seen, but if the spermatocele is calcified and no longer filled with non-viable sperm, it could be easily missed. Spermatoceles are usually no big deal if you are not having symptoms, but if you are concerned, see a urologist for a higher-level evaluation.  A gastroenterologist. Many will require a referral from your primary care medical provider (depending on the type of insurance that you have).  You would need to have the doctor who made that comment explain what they meant....I am not very skilled at mind-reading. Calcifications in the lungs or in the many blood vessels in the lungs may not be clinically significant and the doctor may just have been thinking out loud. Since I can't see the x-ray or the report to comment, only your doctor has the ability to explain.  Your birth control pills are effective at this point, so condoms are not necessary for added contraception coverage, but they are important for protecting you from sexually-transmitted diseases. Yes, any seminal discharge can have viable sperm capable of causing a pregnancy, but your birth control pills should be an effective contraceptive at this point.  Many primary care clinicians are skilled in this area, but your best bet would be to see a psychiatrist -- they are experts in diagnosing and treating bipolar disorders.  The chance of you getting a serious infection or parasite (trichinosis) from a few bites of undercooked pork or this incident harming your baby would be extremely small. Assuming you are in the United States and are eating inspected meat from a reliable grocery store or butcher, ultimately from a highly-inspected meat-packing facility, these pork-related events are very, very unusual. Now, if you ate undercooked pork from a wild boar someone shot, or from a dubious supplier, that is a different issue. Call your OB or primary care medical provider with your story, so you can have some patient-specific advice, but in the meantime....RELAX. You and your baby are probably going to be perfectly fine and your mother is going to be over-cooking pork, to the point of burning it, from now on!  What you are doing is not a baby dance, but more of a baby lottery. While it may be considered safe to have sex without any form or contraception at the end of your menstrual cycle, please keep in mind that sperm has this annoying habit of remaining viable for days in your genital tract. If you ovulate early, you may have some rogue sperm hanging around and anxious to find an egg. If you do not want an unintentional pregnancy, you will need to take viable steps to prevent it....not play the lottery. I have no idea if this act will result in a pregnancy, so you will need to sweat it out and wait. Do a pregnancy test if you are having any signs of pregnancy or miss your next period.  It is not really the swollen node that is the issue, but rather the underlying CAUSE of the node reaction. The groin lymph nodes drain a huge area of the body -- from your toes to your groin. People are often surprised when the culprit is an infected toe or irritated scratch on the leg. Inflammation in the groin itself like infections (I don't know if you are male or female....different parts!), ingrown or hair follicle infections, shaving, etc. all can cause groin reaction. Having a careful exam -- looking for possible sources of this node reaction -- is important, but this is not likely to be a "rush to the doctor right away" type of urgency. It should be checked, however.  You are coughing for a reason. Coughing helps clear your airway of mucous, so if you are still coughing, then perhaps you are still having post-nasal drainage. Coughing can irritate the respiratory track, so the more that you cough, the more that you may feel the need to cough. Assuming that you are not having signs of a secondary infection, like pneumonia (fever, chills, rapid respiration) or an asthma-reaction (wheezing, shortness of breath, etc.), you can quiet an annoying cold-related cough several ways: Hydrate: drink plenty of fluids Humidify: use a cool mist humidifer or at least take a steamy shower before bedtime Soothe: Try some honey to coat your throat Suppress: You can take an over-the-counter cough suppressant that contains dextramethorophan (DM). A pharmacist can help you select a good one. Try some cough drops. Many contain soothing glycerine to help the irritated throat. Don't leave them in your mouth at bedtime, however! Control post-nasal drainage. An antihistamine may help dry up a drip. Avoid decongestants at bedtime (they increase post-nasal drainage) Any persistent cough should be taken seriously, so you may need to see a medical professional if the cough does not quiet down and completely resolve.  I have to say that I have no heard of this disorder. Eczema is a dry SKIN condition (atopic dermatitis) an the eyeball has no skin. Your medical provider may be using this term to make an explanation easier to understand, but it certainly confuses me. See another ophthalmologist for a second opinion, or at least get this one to give you the medical name for his condition. Is it possible your husband misunderstood the name? Sodium chloride drops are salt water.  Absolutely...start with the family doctor. This could be a simple, easily-identified problem like an anal fissure or hemorrhoid (causes bright red blood or blood streaking on the toilet tissue), but one needs to rule out polyps and other causes. The doctor may recommend seeing a gastroenterologist for a further work-up. Make sure he gets care. Men are notorious for being very stubborn about medical visits....especially those that may involve areas where the sun does not shine, if you know what I mean.  Before blindly starting in home remedies, it would be good to have your elderly mother properly examined...finding a reason for his bloody ear discharge. This could easily be an infection that requires a prescription antibiotic, or just a scratch in the ear canal. Without an exam, it would be difficult to know how to effectively treat it. The oozing from the navel is likely a skin infection, perhaps impetigo (a Staph or Strep infections). Again, because of her age, this may need more aggressive treatment than what you can provide at home. You can carefully clean this area with Betadine and use a topical antibiotic ointment for now. It may or may not help. Sometimes, an elderly person will get fungal infections in BOTH these areas, so an antibiotic would not help. If this is the case, anti-fungal treatments are required. Again, getting a proper diagnosis FIRST would be best.  I do not know anything about you or your medical history, but based solely on the brief information in your question, I would say that worsening pain....and an enlarged spleen would meet the criteria for going to the hospital, instead of waiting.  You cannot lose weight without restricting your calorie intake and exercising (increasing your calorie output). You can lose the weight of your money, however, if you seek out worthless, quackery devices.  I don't know....I can't see it, as you know. In order to have this traveling "black dot" properly assessed, you will need to see a medical provider -- someone who can perform a hands-on examination.  According to the experts, it is NEVER too late to start an exercise program. They have worked with people in nursing homes who were unable to walk, and got them walking again! Get cleared by your doctor first to make sure you do not have any underlying health problems. Start gradually....just walking at first, and then you can join a gym and work with a trainer for a while. You will be surprise with the results.....  Have a great time. As long as you are continuing to use your antibiotic drops, you are good to go.....there will be no risk to others.  Yes, this would be called VIRAL CONJUNCTIVITIS. However, when it is only affecting one eye with purulent discharge, I would be suspicious of a secondary bacterial component. This is just a guess, however, since I have no way of seeing your eye first-hand. Many times, it is difficult to tell, even during an examination, so many medical providers will just treat it with topical ophthalmic antibiotic ointments or drops. It may clear up on its own...it may spread to the other eye or to others in your family or work, so having a prescription eye medication would nice. Many medical offices will simply call it in for you, if you ask.  There are plenty of fish in that sea, so ask around for personal recommendations. Ask your medical provider for some names, since they often get these requests. Going through the phonebook or Internet is iffy, but if you can talk to them on the phone first or agree on a less-expensive (or free) introductory meeting, this would be great. Getting a name is one thing, but finding the right match is another. Often, you may not know if this is going to be an effective therapeutic relationship until you meet them a few times. Be prepared to tell a new, potential therapist what YOU are looking for: a same therapist of the same gender (many people related to the same or opposite sex providers, so this is your choice), or ask if they have experience or expertise with your particular problems or issues. Finding a therapist that "fits" is extremely important, so I am proud that you are attempting to find a new one.  I can't answer that question since I don't know your symptoms, have the ability to examine you, or see those test results. I can tell you that about half of the women (I am also assuming you are a female) who have symptoms of a UTI, do not have them. Many will have urethral irritation (usually from sexual activity) or even a vaginal infection. The culture is much more accurate than the rapid urine test, so follow your instructions and see your medical provider again if you are not getting better.  There is really no medical way to suppress sexual desire -- a normal human response -- no more that you can permanently suppress hunger or the need to urinate. There are drugs that can curtain the production of testosterone, but I would not see any medical provider giving this to you to suppress your sexual desires. Just because you have the desire in no way compels you to have sex if you don't want to. Having a castration would control desire, but again, I would think this would be wrong....very wrong. Perhaps it would be best for you to seek some counseling.  If you are having unprotected sex; not using any form of birth control, then yes....you can become pregnant. Your body is designed for conceptiion. Your current symptoms are not necessarily specific for pregnancy, nor do they exclude the possibility. It is up to you to decide when to take a pregnancy test, or when to repeat the test if it comes up negative.  Call your doctor first. Many primary care clinicians do not have the proper equipment (like a slit lamp or instruments to remove a corneal metal splinter) or even the person skill to do it. You may be better off going to an urgent care or occupational health facility that does this all of the time, or even a eye doctor. Again...call the facility or provider first to make sure they do this. Certain ferrous metals can quickly rust and cause a ring, making the treatment more complicated, so the sooner you do this, the better.  Allow her to be examined by her primary care medical provider first. There may be a logical reason for her symptoms, and hopefully, and easy solution.  No, urinary tract infections are not contagious. A person with a bacterial infection in their urinary tract could indeed transfer these bacteria to a vagina during sexual intercourse, but it would be unlikely for the exposed person to get a urinary tract infection for this alone. With that said, you can develop a urinary tract infection, on your own, from sexual activity. As a matter of fact, this is listed as one of the most common causes. In most cases, it your own bacteria -- bacteria from your colon and rectal area -- that become contaminated or colonized in your vaginal area, that gets transferred into your urethra/bladder during sexual activity.  Without the ability to see this "scab" first-hand (please don't post a picture), it would be very difficult, if not impossible, to offer you a patient-specific recommendation. The penis is covered by skin, and skin can become irritated for a variety of reasons, so I would suggest that you see a medical professional to have this all-important examination.  The left upper abdomen is the location of the spleen and splenic enlargement is common with mono. If you were TESTED for Strep (rapid Strep test or culture), then your diagnosis was probably accurate, but if the medical provider just looked at the throat and pronounced that you have Strep, then there is a 50% chance your original diagnosis was about as accurate as a coin toss. Ask for a mono test (EBV panel) and get that abdomen properly examined.  Yes....having a higher-level opinion from a cancer specialist, like an oncologist, is recommended.  I don't know...I can't see them, but it certainly is possible. Kidney stones can cause UTI symptoms, and of course, stones can be as tiny as grains of sand or salt. You can retrieve some of these grains by pouring your urine through a coffee strainer, and then they can be analyzed. The big concern would be kidney stones, so you may need to see a urologist, and perhaps have a few diagnostic, imaging tests to see if there are other stones...perhaps bigger and more problematic ones....still in the kidney.  The vaginal area is very vascular, so even a tiny sex-related tear can cause some bright red bleeding. Since this can heal very fast, your GYN may not find the cause of the bleeding IF it was caused by minor trauma. Please keep in mind that there can be numerous other causes, including those related to your IUD placement, so it would be prudent to see your medical provider since this bleeding is a new phenomena for you.  You may want to start with your medical provider, so that you can be treated if there is a ear-related problem, however, seeing a dentist first would be okay too. Dental and jaw issues, like TMJ disorders, can cause pain to be "referred" to the ear.  10 mg of what? You failed to mention what he is taking....a very important fact. Please re-post your question with more information, including the age and weight of your husband  You can start with his primary care provider, but a PULMONOLOGIST is the lung specialist that he may eventually need to see. There are many, many different causes of a cough, so see the primary care provider first.  Your systolic blood pressure is too high, especially your systolic pressure. Keep taking your bood pressure and writing it down, but it would be advisable for you to see a medical provider for a consultation.  You can ride ONLY with the expressed permission by OB-GYN. Since I do not know you, the stage of your pregnancy, or your medical/obstetric history, it would not be prudent to offer you a patient-specific response in this matter  I agree with the nurse practitioner....using tiny amounts of estrogen cream, just on the areas that are adherent is SAFE and highly-effective. There are little or no side effects if you use this hormonal ointment sparingly and periodically. Many of my patients with labial adhesions need to use it again and again to control this very common problem.\ Soon, your little girl (4 or five more years) will be making her own estrogen and it will not likely be an issue.  I am very sorry, but a low-resolution picture is no substitute for a hands-on, direct examination. Subsequently, I cannot specically comment about the nature of your tiny, colorless forehead spots. You did not ask a specific question, but in order for you to be properly diagnosed and treated, you will need to see a primary care medical provider or dermatologist.  This is called "occult blood", or hidden blood. Just a few blood cells in the urine can cause the chemical dipstick test to be positive, so usually the presence of blood is confirmed microscopically on a urine specimen that is centrifuged. If no blood is found, than this could just be a false positive test. If blood is found in small amounts, a cause will need to be determined. Traces of blood can come simply from irritation of the urethra, so this does not necessarily mean something is wrong. Infections or other types of inflammation, kidneys stones, etc. all can cause hematuria (medical term for blood in the urine).  There are two reasons for this.... The most common reason is nasolactrimal duct obstruction -- the tear duct drainage system from the eye to the nose is clogged or compromised. This tends to spontaneously improve as the child ages, and can be surgically fixed if it does not clear or open by age 12-18 months. Another reason could be a minor eye infection, like conjunctivitis. If the eyes are not red and the mucous is not pus, then the most likely cause is the nasolactrimal duct obstruction. Your baby will see his pediatrician at age four months, so assuming this is not an infection, it can wait until then.  He has a ethical and legal responsibility to refill your medications until your medical visit....or give you a sooner appointment. Should you have a spike in your blood pressure that results in a stroke or heart attack, he will be held responsible. Remind the receptionist of this. Send the doctor a FAX so he will read your concerns first hand. Do NOT wean off of your meds. He he still will not refill them....go to an Urgent Care facility, bring your bottles, and ask for an "emergency refill"....then, shop around for a more compassionate doctor to manage your high blood pressure.  See your medical provider right away. Tachycardia (rapid heart rate) can be a sign of many different types of cardiac rhythm disorders, so you may need to see a cardiologist for a full, diagnostic work-up.  The lack of intimacy can be very complicated, so I think it would be good to address the issue as a couple during one of her counseling sessions. You may need to convince her to do this. The cause could be related to her depression, of course, but can also be related to her self-image. Many antidepressant medications can affect libido, so a review of her medications may be in order, perhaps changing some of them to a type that does not have sexual side effects. You and your wife can rediscover sexual intimacy again, but it may take time, patience, and some sexual counseling. Don't give up on her or be frustrated. This can be fixed.  No. This cannot be re-glued (or sutured) after five days, unless the wound is re-cut. You are most likely going to be stuck with a scar as this wound must heal naturally now. This is why I hate and never use Dermabond, especially in an area where there is tension. Dermabond is for lazy medical providers and those who are not skilled in suturing.It has a place but in very, very few situations. Suturing is almost always a better choice. I am very sorry that happened to you and that you were given the improper instructions (Dermabond should not get wet in a shower). Scars can be improved by plastic surgery, so if you are cosmetically scarred in about a year, this may be what you have to do. The body has a remarkable ability to repair damage, however, so things may look fine a year from now.  You will not catch Chlamydia that way....so relax. You and your girlfriend are safe and your roomate is under treatment. There is nothing wrong with spraying a little Lysol on those contaminated surfaces, like toilet seats, though.  Assuming that your sore throat is caused by acid reflux, I would advise that you consult your medical provider now. Not all cases of heartburn are due to reflux and not all reflux treatments are appropriate for everyone. Your doctor may need to do run a few diagnostic tests before prescribing a patient-specific treatment regime.  A tiny amount of blood would not be a cause for alarm. The skin lining of the ear canal is rich in blood supply, so you most likely irritated it when you used the Q-tip. It is best to NEVER use Q-tips inside the ear canal. One of reasons water had a difficult time coming out of ears is because you do not have a adequate protective coating of (ear) wax. When water meets a waxy surface, it will just bead up and fall out by gravity, but if you do not have a waxy surface, the water will remain.  I really don't now, since I have no way of seeing this lesion and examining you. A vague description really isn't sufficient to make this important diagnostic call, so I suggest that you see your medical provider or even dentist to have this "bubble" properly identified.  Those are not typical symptoms of a visual acuity problem, so it would be wise to see a good eye doctor for a careful examination. It would not be possible to even guess at the reasons for your array of symptoms without a hands-on evaluation.  You will not likely find any medical provider who will do that. Making a determination about a skin lesion (cancer or not) is more that just the visual appearance. It is the location, size, elevation, etc.....AND a careful medical history. Since you don't know what it is, I would not suggest any home removal techniques. Get an expert...your regular medical provider or a dermatologist to make this very important decision.  You most definitely need medical attention.  You need to see a urologist. This dent may be a plaque and you may be getting a condition called Peyronie's Disease. Please get properly examined.  Your ovaries are small and usually buried under a significant amount of intestines and other abdominal layers of fat and other tissue. It would not be likely that you could see or feel your ovaries. Since you cannot be examined over the Internet, it would be in your best interest to see a medical professional for a first-hand examination to determine the true nature of this bulge you are seeing.  See a medical doctor who has some expertise in gender reassignment, otherwise you are not likely to be prescribed any estrogen.  See your diabetic doctor or a podiatrist. You may have a fungal condition of your nail(s) called onychomycosis, but this will need to be confirmed and properly treated....not self-treated. As you know, I have no way of examining your feet! It is best not to mess with your own nails when you have diabetes.  I don't have a clue what he meant, since a clinician really cannot see "fluid behind the uterus", so he will have to offer an explanation of this unusual statement.  You can do a pregnancy test now, especially if you are feeling any symptoms of pregnancy, but be prepared to repeat a possible "negative" test in a week or so.  If a person is allergic to house dust, they can develop a chronic illness (chronic allergies) from it. House dust is not a cause of lung cancer, unless that dust had carcinogens in it, like asbestos. Maybe your boyfriend should come to YOUR house from now on.  Yes. A rapid heart rate (tachycardia) and those other symptoms should be medically evaluated.  Just do it. The choice of medical provider is your right, and you should be able to see the doctor of your choice. You don't need to give them a reason or a lengthy explanation, just orchestrate the change by asking, and make your next appointment with the new doctor. Don't worry. People do this all of the time, and you will not hurt your old doctor's feelings. They are usually very busy and do not really care if one of their patients jump ship. The most important thing is for you to find a medical provider that you like...one that will listen...one who is competent and responsive.... and one who cares.  You are correct. Epsom salt soaks will have no effect on radiation exposure.  Yes, it would be appropriate for you to see a medical provider so that you can have your throat properly examined. A sore throat, primarily in the mornings wiht improvement in the afternoon, may be due to post-nasal drainage at night, accompanied by mouth-breathing. Allergies can cause this, but so can back to back viral infections. Mononucleosis is a virus that can cause a sore throat. People also worry about a lingering Strep infection, so this can be tested for during your examination if your medical provider feels it is necessary. As you have read, there are many possibilities to consider, so you are wise to seek medical care at this point.  Assuming you do have shingles (your description was not convincing), a person must have had chicken pox in the past. A new exposure to someone with chicken pox may give you shingles (herpes zoster). Since chicken pox is contagious a day before, many people do not know who exposed them 2 or 3 weeks prior. Chicken pox (varicella) is very contagious by direct contact or fomites (objects contaminated by the varicella virus. Shingles is really the same virus, but fortunately, not as contagious. One can get it by direct exposure, however.  One can control post-nasal drainage by using an antihistamine, but I do not know anything about you or your medical history to know if this would be recommended for you, since the underlying CAUSE has not been determined. The brownish mucous is a a concern, and could indicate a sinus infection, so it would be wise for you to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  The most common complication of a burn (a second degree burn based on your description) would be a secondary skin infection. A burn that is now "red, angry, and painful" may be infected. The only way for you to be sure is to see a medical professional and be examined....a description is just too vague to make a decision like that blindly.  See an ENT if you do not improve. Otitis media (middle ear infection) with effusion (fluid) can cause vertigo, but so can inner ear disorders. Since I really have no way to confirm or dispute your diagnosis, or justify the use of steroids in your case, seeing an ENT for a higher-level diagnostic examination is appropriate, however, two days of treatment has not given the treatment plan an adequate trial.  I don't know the age of your child or anything about his medical history, but a small amount bright red blood is often an anal fissure (a tiny tear in the anal ring), but that is going to take an examination to determine. There are other causes, of course, like polyps, so seeing a medical provider is the best way to go.  A colo-rectal surgeon (protologist).  Neither. If you have herpes in your EYE, you need to be seen by an ophthalmologist .  Better ways? No. If you truly have hypothyroidism, thyroid hormone replacement is the best way to treat it. There are no rules in medicine that state that ALL of your symptoms must be related to your hypothyroidism, so your doctor needs to look for other things that may be causing your array of symptoms.  Yes, shingles can definitely affect the eye. This is called herpetic keratitis and can be quite serious if not diagnosed promptly and treated effectively. Steroid eye drops can make herpes in the eye worse, so this is usually not done, unless specifically prescribed by an ophthalmologist. Antibiotic eye drops would have no beneficial effect on herpes involving the eye, so special anti-viral/anti-herpetic drops are used. Having chicken pox as a child is really a prerequisite to getting shingles; in the eye or other places. The chicken pox virus is also a herpes virus that has reactivated from a second exposure. I am pleased that her eye cultures came back negative.  It would not be likely to get brain damage from smelling a polyester backpack, although I have encountered some deadly tennis shoes from time to time. You are safe....  That is really up to you. It is for your protection not to advertise to the world that you are diabetic. If you go into a diabetic coma for some reason, the paramedics and/or police will see the bracelet and get you prompt and appropriate medical care that could save your life. You don't have to wear an exposed bracelet. You can wear a tiny necklace that is hidden, or put a card in your wallet. Medical Alert bracelets can also warn people of serious allergies and other medical conditions. If I found you lying in the street, I would quickly determine that you are diabetic (and not drunk and passed out since you can have an acetone smell on your breath). Until we all have embedded chips in our necks with essential medical information, the bracelets and necklaces are the best that we can do.  A quarter is quite big, but I have seem them harmlessly pass....assuming that he did, indeed, swallow a quarter. Short of an x-ray, a safe and inexpensive way to find out if your three year old has a metallic coin is with a metal detector. You can rent one or find out if you have a friend who may own one. If a metal detector can't get a signal, he probably didn't swallow it. If he suddenly becomes constipated or vomits, you may have to expose him to a very low level abdominal x-ray -- one view only (and it would not be harmful).  At age nine, he should be seen by a pediatric orthopedic surgeon.  The vaginal and urethral areas are rich in blood supply, just like the inside of your nose. It doesn't take much irritation to make these mucosal areas bleed, but it would be nice if you (or your medical provider) can find the source. Sometimes, the tiniest of little tears can bleed. Some urinary tract infections will present initially as bleeding, so having a urinalysis would be good to make sure you do not have an infection.  I am not sure either, since I can't see or examine you. As a matter of fact, you can't see inside your own ear either, so it would be advisable for you to see a medical provider (someone who can). The most logical reason for your ear pain is an infection, so you are correct. Fingernails are not the cleanest part of our body, so when they scratch the very sensitive skin lining of the ear canal, an infection can happen. These infections can be mild and only need topical antibiotics, or they can worsen and cause a deep, painful infection called cellulitis.  Bee-keeping hoods do not really touch the eyes and they appear to be well-ventilated, so I would assume that it would not be very likely for the suit to be a major factor in transmitting microorganisms. Most of the time, an object of clothing may be blamed, but in reality, it was most likely unwashed, contaminated hands that were the vector for pink eyes. You could try and disinfect the hoods between kids if that is possible or even logistically feasible.  See an ophthalmologist so that you can have your eye properly examined. This is not something that can be addressed over the Internet, unfortunately, since I do not know anything about you or where in the world that you live.  Now. Penicillin never works for tonsil stones. The problem is that your tonsils have holes/crypts in them that trap food and other debris. Gargling after every meal will limit the accumulation of debris, or you can take a moistened Q-tip (or your finger) and physicallyl dislodge them. They will come back again, however. The only definitive cure is to remove the tonsils, if you and your ENT can convince the insurance company that this is medically-necessary.  Based on your vague description, cellulitis would be low on the possibility list. The penis is covered by skin, and the skin can have multiple pimple-like bumps. Unfortunately, the only way you can get a definitive answer is to see a medical provider for an exam. A description or even a picture just doesn't do it when it comes to determining a diagnosis and to suggest a treatment regime. As you may know, the Internet has some obvious limitations that cannot be circumvented.  There is absolutely no way I could answer that question, based solely on your brief scenerio. If you are struggling with your sexual feeling/attractions, I would strongly suggest that you see a counselor experienced in this area. Don't label yourself....  You need to see an orthopedic surgeon....  Lice are live, so a person exposed can have live lice relatively fast if the encounter was sufficient. Head to head activities, use of combs/brushes, sharing hats, all can transmit lice from one person to the next almost immediately. Nits are either unhatched eggs or the remnants of hatched egges. Obviously, the unhatched eggs are problematic, since they will hatch in about two weeks and be mobile. Soon, they will be laying there own eggs. Nits are firmly glued to the hair shaft. The unhatched nits are within a 1/4 or so of the scalp. The nits do not easily transfer from person to person unless it is with combs or brushes. Live lice do not live long off of their chosen human hosts -- several hours at best (they gotta eat!), so exposure from carpets, furniture, etc. is possible but considerably less likely. You will need to check your kids (and each other) for the next week, looking for live lice and nits. they can be elusive, so look carefully. If you don't find them, you are probably in the clear from this unwanted birthday party gift. If you do find them, they will need to be promptly treated.This is a gift that can keep on giving.  An ENT....Ear, Nose, and THROAT specialist.  Yes. Because of nerve pathways, pain in those third molars can definitely be referred to the ears.  A dermatologist would be a good choice....their specialty is skin, and many of them will do office procedures, assuming this growth needs to be removed. Many primary care providers will do this, too, but you will need to talk to your own to see if this is something he or she will see. This can be many things, including a retained foreign body (like a splinter).  You have no risk now....the only risk for developing a testicular cancer would be in the testicle that was removed when you were 16. Your other testicle is quite important now, so please do a routine testicular self-exam when you take a shower. Any lumps should be brought to the attention of your medical provider. Your remaining testicle is not at any increased risk because of your past history....no more than the rest of men of your age.  He is your fiance. Be honest and just tell him the truth. I remember a similar situation with one of my patients. When she finally got the nerve to tell him, he was relieved. He had contracted herpes himself years before and was afraid to tell . Not all people who get exposed to herpes will get it. You are on suppression medications for herpes, I assume, so the chance of an subsequent outbreak is less-likely but still possible. Obviously, if you know you are having signs of an outbreak, you should avoid sex at that time. Some studies have shown that it is possible to transmit this virus to another person even if you to not have active lesions, but this is less-likely as well. This is the risk that both of you will need to take. If both of you had sexual partners in the past, you may have been equally as exposed to the potential of getting an sexually-transmitted disease. You may have been the unlucky one, but honesty will go a long, long way in your new relationship if you just tell him.  If the ENTs are not helping, you can ask your dentist for a referral to an ORAL SURGEON.  If you have classic signs of appendicitis....worsening right, lower-quadranat abdominal pain/tenderness ....then why wait? In the past, we would watch patients in the ER for several hours, but now, the diagnostic test of choice is an abdominal CT scan. Most medical professionals would prefer that you do not wait. I don't know if you are male or female, but women would also need to consider ovarian or tube problems that could cause similar pain. A CT would rule this out as well.  Go to a different office....see another optometrist or ophthalmologist. And, take those glasses with you.  It is time for you to see another doctor -- a good internist -- for a second, diagnostic opinion. Just because no one can find a cause, does not imply that you are fine. Clearly, if you still having those issues, you need a more indepth assessment.  You need to see a medical professional for a thorough examination. There are many different types of headaches. While migraines tend to be one-sided, getting a proper diagnosis with the TYPE of headache you have is very important when it comes to determining an effective treatment. Because you are having visual issues, your medical provider or neurologist may also want you to see a eye specialist.  It depends on how good he is as a visual diagnostician. Genital herpes does have a characteristic appearance and history, but when someone give you a medicine for a bacterial vaginosis, a herpes medicine, and a yeast medicine, he is doing "shotgun" treatment....sort of throwing everything at the issue, hoping one will hit it. I don't practice that way. If your problem started with an itch and a bit of peeling, I think "yeast". Bacterial vaginosis can have a characteristic odor and yeast can have a characteristic appearance, but it would be best to confirm it with a diagnostic test, usually a microscopic exam or vaginal culture. The same goes for herpes. There is a very accurate diagnostic test when you have active lesions that would have given you the answer. Since herpes is contagious and recurrent, it would sure be nice to know definitively. I agree with you. You need to know for sure and deserve a higher level of care than a two minute "look and see".  <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:WordDocument> <w:View>Normal</w:View> <w:Zoom>0</w:Zoom> <w:PunctuationKerning></w:PunctuationKerning> <w:ValidateAgainstSchemas></w:ValidateAgainstSchemas> <w:SaveIfXMLInvalid>false</w:SaveIfXMLInvalid> <w:IgnoreMixedContent>false</w:IgnoreMixedContent> <w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText>false</w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText> <w:Compatibility> <w:BreakWrappedTables></w:BreakWrappedTables> <w:SnapToGridInCell></w:SnapToGridInCell> <w:WrapTextWithPunct></w:WrapTextWithPunct> <w:UseAsianBreakRules></w:UseAsianBreakRules> <w:DontGrowAutofit></w:DontGrowAutofit> </w:Compatibility> <w:BrowserLevel>MicrosoftInternetExplorer4</w:BrowserLevel> </w:WordDocument> </xml><![endif]--> Most body odors that occur in sweaty areas (groin, armpits, etc.) are due to bacterial overgrowth, not a fungus. I dont know if you are a male or female, but you may want to try a good antibacterial soap during a shower, dry carefully, and spray this area (avoiding the sensitive parts, of course) with an anti-perspiring / deodorant spray, just like you would use in your armpits. Controlled perspiration would go a long way in controlled a disagreeable odor. If you are female, malodors can originate from the vagina. If you are male, the area under the scrotum is often the culprit. Wear looser under-clothing, especially at night, and allow this area to breathe a bit. <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:LatentStyles DefLockedState="false" LatentStyleCount="156"> </w:LatentStyles> </xml><![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]-->  You will need to see your doctor to confirm if you have adolescent gyencomastia or not. If you do, know that this is very common....and it will eventually just go away in the vast number of young men. As a matter of fact, I have only had one ...out of thousands of patients...to be referred for corrective surgery. It is possible that you just have prominent nipples and not gynecomastia. This may not go away, so if this is your diagnosis, you would have to consider a cosmetic surgery to correct it.  Try and get your old records to confirm that diagnosis....including the pathology report. To get a breast CANCER at age 13 is extremely rare, so I would question the validity of that diagnosis.  That is inexcusable. As difficult as it may be to find a new doctor that is more thorough and responsible, I think you should look around for an INTERNIST. Internists are usually very current with diabetes management, and with patients who have multiple health problems. I am not sure why you are on long-term prednisone, but this can have an association with your blood sugar.  You could have a spermatocele ...and accumulation of sperm in the epididymis. These may "come and go". Less-common would be epididymitis, but this should be painful. Next time the lump appears, make sure to have it examined while it is still there.  You will need to be specifically cleared by the medical provider who is treating you -- the one familar with the details of your case. Healing time varies from person to person, so there is really no set rules for when to return to strenous activities.  I don't think you will find this to be true. There is no medical evidence that proves that castor oil, olive oil, or Vaseline will help your eyebrows grow.  Your acne may need treated, either by your primary care medical provider or a good dermatologist. Treatment will vary, based on the severity and type of acne lesions that you have. Your "horizontal lines" are probably striae , and yes, they are considered stretch marks (even if you are not getting taller or stretching in that direction). This is a guess, however, since I can't see them. There are other reasons that can cause striae, but I do not know your medical history. You can read about striae on the Internet. Striae and acne are not associated.  Before undergoing any drastic weight loss program (I am assuming that you would eventually like to lose over a hundred pounds), it would be best to see your medical provider. Some baseline lab work can be important. With that said, the amount of calorie restriction would depend on how fast you would like to lose that weight. A good weight loss would be about two pound per week. That would add up to nearly a hundred pounds in a year...a reasonable and achievable goal at this point. Find out what you are eating now (the number of calories), determined by a honest food diary for a week. Reduce those calories by about a 1000 a day. I am guessing, but I suspect you are ingesting well over 2500 to 3000 calories a day right now, based on your weight and the fact that it appears to be stable. Keep exercising. This is very important and I am so proud that you are doing it. The body does not give up weight easily, but if you are consistently eating LESS than your body needs to maintain weight, your weight will drop, and continue to drop until you stop dieting. It may not drop every day...or every week...but at the end of each month, you should be considerably less than the weight you started with at the first of the month. If not, something is amiss, so you may need to see a nutritionist/dietician or your primary care medical provider to help. The first and most important step is getting started...and you have done that on your own. I have little doubt that you will succeed.  Your reaction to visual stimuli is really "normal". Inconvenient, yes....but normal. There is really nothing you can really do to keep this from happening unless you wear very dark glasses and quit looking at things that are "hot" to you. As you get older, you may be able to control your involuntary erections since you will be busy and not be thinking about sex 24/7.  You may have ruptured your eardrum, so it would be wise to see your medical provider. It is not a true emergency, but it would be good to be seen today, or in the next two days.This is really the only way to determine the extent of the damage. With that said, most traumatic ruptures of the eardrum will heal over time, but you need to give up this unnecessary habit of using Q-tips.  See your medical provider. Implanon should not interfere with a home pregnancy test, but this type of hormonal insert can cause certain symptoms (not sure what "pregnancy symptoms" you are experiencing, but a hard stomach is not one of the side effects. There are more accurate lab-ordered pregnancy tests since this appears to be a major concern. Your medical provider can order one of these tests, and of course, examine you if necessary.  Either one is fine, assuming your primary care doctor is comfortable in lancing these things and taking a wound culture to identify the "bug" (usually Staph). Because you are a diabetic, you may be more prone to these things, and more prone to infections that can get out of hand, so please do not delay getting treatment.  You are too embarrassed to see a medical professional? Why? This is their job and this prolapse can be fixed! Make an appointment with a good (female) gynecologist. The best and permanent fix involves some surgery, but in the meantime, a pessary (a device ithat can be inserted in your vagina to hold back this prolapsed tissue) may help.  A partial hysterectomy is usually the removal of the uterus; leaving the ovaries in place. Once removed, the uterus cannot be restored...it is gone. There is no medical procedure that would cause you to have a menstrual cycle again or allow you have a baby. I am very sorry. You are still a woman, the same way a woman is still a woman after menapause. A vasectomy is the cutting of the epididymis in a man, but if the man had the testicles surgically removed, he would not be able to have the procedure reversed. It would be permanent.  If the blood was bright red, then it is likely from a hemorrhoid or fissure. Darker, older-looking blood can be from higher up in the intestinal tract, and black, tarry blood is usually from the stomach. Don't panic. There is a good chance that this is an innocent finding, but you will need to be examined to determine the exact source of the blood.  The cataracts. The pterygiums can be removed if they are obstructing the vision at the same time.  I am not sure that I share that recommendation for an early vaccine. An MMR prior to the first birthday (a live vaccine) is not likely to take, so your child with definitely need another after age one, and before kindergarten. Please check around and get some other opinions and recommendations for someone who does travel-related medicine. I am not sure where you are going....  Contact allergy could do it....dryer softener sheets with perfume is high on my list, followed by enzymatic detergents and bath soaps. It could even be that feminine spray, even if you have used it in the past. Products often change ingredients without changing the brand name. A yeast infection is quite common in this area, so if the itch is limited to the clitoral area, use a topical antifungal, perhaps mixed half/half with 1% hydrocortisone cream.  Colds can set the stage for secondary (bacterial) infections, so yes...it would be wise to see your medical provider to be examined, diagnosed, and treated. Colds last a week, so when someone tells me that they are (a) getting worse after a week, and (b) coughing blood, there is a clear indication to seek some hands-on medical care.  I would say not to worry. I haven't heard of anyone contracting HIV from dry surfaces. Viruses are pretty fragile and don't do well in dry environments outside of the body. Also, the 'lips' of the cut provide a bit of seperation from the moist surface, and scabbing and clottnig is a further barrier.  That is indeed interesting... do you have some kind of association with an injury you sustained while seeing people standing on hard surfaces? Or, is it associated perhaps with any sort of tension or anxiety? I wish you the best in finding that answer. The human mind is wonderful and odd indeed.  Spondylosis is Osteoarthritis, so lumbosacral spondylosis would be osteoarthritis in the lumbosacral area of the spine. Here is a link to an article about cervical osteoarthritis, which is similar. http://www.webmd.com/osteoarthritis/guide/cervical-osteoarthritis-cervical-spondylosis Myelopathy is when the osteoarthritis puts pressure on the spinal cord.  Not likely, cold can cause constriction of the eye capillaries. Fasting causes drop in blood pressure and detoxification symptoms.  To add to the question, yes he uses a dust mask at work, however, the fumes and dust do not get completely caught by the mask. In 2004, he was hospitalized due to a combination of pneumonia and working in the body shop. Basically, the pneumonia didn't get better and developed into myocarditis and he wound up in the heart unit at the local hospital over Christmas. It all started with a cough, much like the one he has now. He was put on all kinds of antibiotics for bronchitis and pneumonia, but none of them seemed to work, and he was put on an inhaler at one point, which made his heart race, and eventually led to me taking him to the E.R. at 4 in the morning on Christmas Eve, where we were told he was having a heart attack at the ripe old age of 28. Later, it was discovered that it was not a heart attack, but myocarditis. We are trying to get to a specialist sooner rather than later on this, and find out if he is just allergic to the chemicals in the paint/primer that is used, and if so, what can be done about that. A change in careers isn't really an option, so we need to find some answers at this point. All suggestions are appreciated. Thanks.  I've cut my metformin to a 5oo mg in the morning and 500 mg at night. I feel so much better. I felt over medicated with 2000 mg a day. I've lost some weight so when you lose weight you need to have your metformin lowered. I woke up a couple days ago and my blood sugar was 65. I thought I was going to die. It scared me horribly. I keep orange juice in the frig just in case. My dizziness has gotten better since my metformin was lowered. I was diagnosed with diabetes 5 months ago so I'm new at this. I'm learning how to eat right. Diabetes is to be take seriously, if you don't take care of yourself you can go down hill fast. I feel better when I get out and walk. My name is Debra.  APPRECIATE GOD  TO SEE THE BEAUTY OF DIFFERENCES OF SHADES AMONG US & TO RESPECT DIFFERENCES IN REACHING THE ONE GOD IN DIFFERENT WAYS - NOT TO HATE OTHER FAITHS & NATIONS LIKE HOW EVERYTHING IN THE NATURE IS IN HARMONY WITH EACH KIND OF SPECIES.  From past experience, MAKE AN APPOINTMENT WITH YOUR ORTHOPEDIST. In the meantime, I used an old remedy for swelling. I used BC or Standback powders. Amazingly, it helped with both the pain and swelling without heavily addictive prescription drugs. Use ice packs day and night (put ice in a zip lock bag to avoid spillage/leakage). Ankle needs to be slightly elevated. Avoid putting pressure on the ankle because it will cause further damage. If you don't have crutches or a walker borrow them. Your objective is to protect that ankle. Again, get in to see your doctor first or get to an emergency room. All meds don't work for everybody, so get that appointment ASAP!!  Mine did too, so my doctor added 50 units of Lantus at bedtime. Check it out with your dr.  Strange, Dr. Phil just had a show on this today. Bottom line, (1) Go to the ER immediately, (2) Get to a psychiatrist and a therapist. Hope you feel better!  I don't see why not. If you are able to track your ovulation dates, it would be a good idea to try to conceive then. Personally, I would give myself at least a month to cleanse my body of the birth control hormones. However, you may conceive on the first try!  You need work if you eye get better on it own. If not you need make dotor trip  Whoops, typo. 16, not 26.  Discomfort with what? Groin or Hip? different things. You might want to go to a different doctor and get a different blood test. Be honest with the doctor about all activities. If you want to find out what is going on you must be honest. Doctors are not gods they need information. Have the doctor check for everything including STD, Hep C, HIV, Aids and any and all blood disorders including any biological/bactial disorders. Might be something simple. The hip thing might be something all together different. Hips with males one thing, groin another, think about it.........  If it were me, I would try rinsing my mouth 3-4 times a day with an alkalizing mouthwash such as Glyco-Thymoline or Alka-Thyme. Of course, check with your doc if this is okay.  yes go to the doctors as soon as possible, better safe then sorry  Are you under unusual stress? As I child I did the sleep walking for awhile, and I was under a lot of stress. It didn't last into adulthood, but many adults do suffer with it. Medications can cause hallucinations, which I'm sure you know, and so can emotional problems. I went thru some terrible hallucinations at night in my teens and early 20's. I don't know your beliefs, and all I can do is share my personal experiences and answers, but I believe I had opened a doorway into the spiritual realm by playing around with some demonic things. When I became a Christian, they persisted until I learned to demand they leave me alone, in Jesus' Name. Only happened once after that, and I again used His authority, and haven't had hallucinations since. But it only works if you are one of His. That's been over 40 yrs. I'd suggest you also go in for sleep study testing. Hope something I've said helps.  All I can do is share my personal experiences and study. I think life is more stressful and dangerous than ever before, and mankind has his limits, some higher, some lower. Also, it's what we're now being taught and bombarded with daily. People seem more fragile. I'm 64, and it surprises me how many young people give up, anesthetize themselves, and have no resilience. I, too, went thru bad family situations, and am a survivor. When I was 52, I was still working in a nursing home and lifting patients bigger than I. I'd hear girls less than half my age groan about how tired they were, and I'd tell them, "you're too young to be tired". And one new girl told me she liked me, but working with me wore her out! I think, too, that as I didn't have a "net" under me, I HAD to survive. My family didn't go on assistance, they worked hard, without thinking about the unfairness of it. Today, we are told how unfair things are. So many lap up any promise or smooth talk they hear, that seems will make life EASIER. Having been on both sides of the spiritual fence (a non-believer and now firm believer), I know that a lot of my endurance, strength, abilities comes from my faith in Jesus Christ. I'm just telling you MY personal experience, remember. Most people don't have that, and it seems more youth than ever don't have that Hope. They only know the "non" side, they only know the questions and thoughts and feelings they have. Don't know if this helps any.  My late Mom exhibited literally every symptom you've just described, except in her late 70s (she passed at 84), so be advised that my answer here is anecdotal (subjective) rather than empirical (objective), and may not all apply to your Mom. But I'd be willing to bet that some of it does. In her case, my own Mom suffered from: senile dementia (Alzheimer's is only one form of this), urinary incontinence of which she was deeply ashamed, clinical depression, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes and its attendant miseries, congestive heart failure, COPD, and side-effects from medications. Your Mom at the very least may be suffering from depression, common in geriatric patients, but her looking to your stepdad for everything when spoken to may indicate confusion, so having a Geriatrician assess her for senile dementia, depression, chronic pain, and other conditions common in elderly patients is crucial, especially if she is also increasingly forgetful. Early treatment can delay the advancement of many of these conditions if they are present. She may be ashamed of her condition and resist going to the doctor, but it really is a good idea. See if you can enlist the help of your stepfather. I had a friend who does my hair for me trim my Mom's hair and give it a nice style and shampoo, but elderly people need to be careful when being shampooed because the position of the head and the design of a typical hairdresser's shampooing sink can sometimes induce a stroke. Consult her doctor for the best position for shampooing. Good luck.  Hair grows from follicles, not glands. I'm female, but I've had both acne (in my case it's rosacea) and ingrown hairs. Ingrown hairs are awful; I used to dig my face apart trying to get them out, along with the comedones (blackheads and pimples/cysts). Plus I've had another type of cyst that causes calcifications (like having little pieces of gravel under the skin); generally that's something that happens less in young people and more in people over 50. These hard cysts, when removed, can sometimes be dark in color. The skin makes melanin, the pigment that causes suntans in light-skinned people and that creates skin tone in darker-skinned people. When the glands that produce melanin become blocked by certain cysts, what you're describing can result. My father had a cheek cyst for years that was lanced by a dermatologist and almost exploded. Skin can do some disturbing things. It's the largest organ of the body. However, there is one concern here: the possibility of skin cancer. My father had it repeatedly, my uncle had it, I'm at risk for it, and everybody should look out for it and practice sun safety. People with chronic skin problems that involve the immune system and actual skin damage (which severe lifelong acne does) may be at higher risk for it. Consult a dermatologist, but be prepared: the wait for an appointment is long and some insurances may resist paying for it. A referral from your primary care provider may be necessary.  I know this was posted a long time ago, but I want to add that it could also be Vincent's Gingivitis, or "Trench Mouth," becoming more common among stressed-out college kids and many other people in the past two decades. Check with a doctor if it happens again.  Do you have a history of ulcers? Sounds like classic ulcerative conditions. You should try not drinking coffee or smoking, both of which can aggravate the pain. You may also need to see a gastric specialist.   	 	 	 	 	<!-- 		@page { margin: 2cm } 		P { margin-bottom: 0.21cm; direction: ltr; color: #000000; widows: 0; orphans: 0 } 		P.western { font-family: "Liberation Serif", "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 12pt; so-language: en-US } 		P.cjk { font-family: "WenQuanYi Micro Hei"; font-size: 12pt; so-language: zh-CN } 		P.ctl { font-family: "Lohit Hindi"; font-size: 12pt; so-language: hi-IN } 		A:link { so-language: zxx } 	--> 	 In this case, first you have to consult with your Doctor, if the problem can solve by any medicine then why u thinking for glasses.  In this case, first you have to consult with your Doctor, if the problem can solve by any medicine then why u thinking for glasses.  Yes. I suffer from chronic infections. Find a good urologist. He/ She can run tests and figure out what is going on. They will come up with a treatment plan to fit your needs and determine the reason you are getting UTIs and how to best treat it.  It can cause bumps which will show up later. Try using a cold pack wrapped in a washcloth to see if it helps. That can help with inflammation. Also an otc pain reliever can help. I have done this many times myself. Make sure to assure her that the pain will subside.  Yes, you can. But the preferred timing is every 3-6 months based on your dentist's recommendation. You may think that you are removing all of your dental plaque but you cannot see below the gum line in the deep dark spaces that allow the bad bacteria to grow and proliferate. These are the bad bacteria that eat away bone and cause the premature loss of teeth. Research has shown that the bad bacteria which can eat bone recolonize at about 90 days after a professional cleaning.  Mix of lemon juice and rosewater: this facial mask can do wonders for your skin and has a wonderful smell as well. Mix fresh lemon juice and rosewater, apply it on your face using a cotton pad and wash it off after half an hour. Egg white: this mask can tighten your skin and make large pores appear smaller. Apply egg white on the acne-affected areas and rinse it off after 20 minutes with cool water. Toothpaste: apply it on the affected area. Toothpaste can greatly reduce the swelling and redness of pimples. Ice: place an ice cube on the pimple for a few minutes to reduce the swelling. Honey: mix a teaspoon of honey with lemon juice. Remove the mask with water after 20 minutes. Raw potato: it can nourish your skin and reduce the swelling. Cucumber: make a cucumber paste and leave it on your face for 30 minutes. This mask can nourish your skin and help it to calm down. Almond oil: this amazing oil can prevent and even cure acne scars. Apart from the face, acne often appears on other parts of the body, like the chest, the arms, the neck and the back. You can apply some of these home remedies to these areas as well. Some important tips :- Never squeeze or pick a pimple. If you do, you will spread the bacteria all over your face and cause even more acne breakouts. Always clean your face before going to bed. Keep your hair off your face. Sometimes bacteria can be transferred from your hair to your face and make the situation worse. Avoid wearing oil-based makeup, because it can clog your pores. Prefer to use a water-based makeup. Acne doesn't have to be a part of your life. By following these tips, you will notice some significant improvement on your skin condition very soon! In addition to this if you wish you can use aloevera cream, kojic acid with vitamin C or retino a cream. For more information you can visit drugsdropship24  There are chances that yes you can get pregnant, but one needs to know a lot to answer. many women do get early pregnancy but not as early as 19 days cycle. Also like to know is your period length normal or has shorten as many women confuse in their regular period and pregnancy spotting. I do like to advice you to go for a pregnancy test or see a gyno. Source:- pharmacysell  I have found that Neosporin makes anti itch cream, daily moisturizing cream and body wash for eczema. It is called Neosporin Eczema Essentials. I use the moisturizing cream on my hands and feet and it works great. I found it at Walgreens but it is a little pricey but I think it is well worth the money.  It is difficult to assess what is causing your skin irritation. Have you been out in the sun, without sunscreen? Some antiaging products make your skin more susceptible to the sun. You may now require more sunscreen, or may have used another substance on your skin (like makeup) that doesnt mix well with your antiaging cream. Typically we suggest that you stop using everything and reintroduce one at a time. You may have used too much. Try smaller amounts, and see if you can again get the improvements without the irritation. If it persists, go to your dermatologist for help.  The best products for women that are still breaking out and want to start anti-aging products are those that are labeled oil free and dont contain wax. They typically help prevent acne and are sometimes labeled as noncomedogenic.  Since it can be a great airport you'll require sufficient time at Heathrow. Book it for the Final you're traveling from, while you book your ticket. (There's no Final 2 - it's been removed and will be reconstructed.) Allow 30 minutes because they work every 15 minutes for that to be around the safe area. These trains are now actually there to get people into central London, nevertheless they also function inside the airport being a free transport company. (Devices 4 and 5 were constructed not in the main section of the airport as there was no space for them there!)  Try using mineral oil  I am going through the same thing now. I am about 6 weeks, and I went to the er a couple days ago because I am having stomach cramps and lower back pain. They could see the baby, and everything looked fine, but they just couldnt see the heartbeat. They told me not to worry yet, it could just be to early. So i called my obgyn to follow up, and she told me that its perfectly normal to not be able to see anything just yet. She is having me come in around 8-9 weeks and hopefully everything will be fine! So I just wanted to let you know, Im going through the same thing, and I am sure everything will be fine with the both of us :-). *FINGERS CROSSED*  I had severe low back pain from November 2011 until May 2012. I went to a doctor and had x-rays. I was put on anti inflammatories and muscle relaxants. After 4 weeks and no improvement, I had an MRI. It revealed that I had a herniated disc on L4 with 30% of my spinal space full of disc material. I tried physical therapy and while it helped, I was not back to normal. I had a microdiscectomy in May. Good by pain hello my life back. I was in the hospital for six hours. I was up and walking that day. One week later I could walk a mile. I now lift weights, hike, and exercise on a regular basis. Best thing I ever did for my back which was originally injured 30 years ago.  I know the depo shot can have horrid affects. The lupron depo shot is different, it's to help control the pain of endometriosis and help shrink it. Thank you for your answer.  I have the same problem. Itching in the same location on my back (below my right shoulder blade) for almost 2 years now. My dermatologist said it was a form of arthritis. When I told my family physician she had never heard of it. I am starting to think it could be hormonal.  I would see a Dr if I were having hematuria and/or pain.  Ah, this might be a simple case of "footupyourownarse." If it has been there for a week, it is logical it is only one side, you have to forcefully pull it out, and then have a refreshing shower, after that you should be able to walk normally, without being considered a biological weapon. -R  I think many priests, pastors, rabbis have good counseling skills. Let's face it, they help us through many tough times. So if you cannot afford anyone else, not a bad place to start. They will tell you if your symptoms are way out of their league.  I afford patients 30 minutes. If folks are doing super well, the session may take 10 minutes, but I allow 30 minutes. If not going well or we are making lots of med changes, we use all 30. Some sessions are 60 minutes, which depends on staffing levels at my office, the patient, what day of the week it is.... But 30 is average. Also some docs at big practices or public practices aren't their own boss and are forced to see a patient every 15 minutes, which I personally think is pushing it. In areas low on psychiatrists this is common, too, as the idea is that 15 minutes of psych care is better than zero.... It does depend on many factors.  Sorry you feel this way. I am not sure what type of meds you are on, what type of therapy you are getting so cannot tell if you have been getting treated long enough or are on appropriate doses. I would suggest you be up front ith your providers that you really are no better and ask them to be more aggressive with your treatment. Sometimes when you drift off like this and get these feelings, do something to get grounded. Stop what you are doing and count to 10 ... something simple like this might bring you back; get the iPOD out, turn it to 11 and crank out a favorite song; write down something on a 3x5 card (for example "I am not alone, I have the following folks who care about me...."). Real simple stuff like this might act as a circuit breaker to pull you out of these funks.  Pertussis incidence cycles, with peaks in disease occurring every 3 years or so. On top of the usual cycles, the overall incidence of disease has been increasing since the 1980s. In 2012, we are seeing large community outbreaks and almost every state is reporting an increase in disease. There are a number of reasons why reported cases of whooping cough are increasing, including increased awareness and diagnosis, improvements in diagnostic tests, and better reporting. On top of that, there is increasing evidence that phasing out whole cell pertussis vaccines during the 1990s and replacing them with acellular vaccines may be contributing. While acellular vaccines are safer, they may not protect for as long. Whatever the reasons, given the recent increases in pertussis in the US, its very important that everyone be vaccinated against pertussis according to the recommended schedule.  Are your symptoms present all the time? Migraine can cause similar symptoms, (and painless migraines can cause them, too). If your symptoms just started, you should talk with a doctor about them, there are other brain problems that can cause similar symptoms  Hello, I have been through your same problems...It is not a comfortable situation. When I had this problem I went to my Family MD...First he did a urine test...well this was all it took to figure out that I had a very bad bladder infection....Bladder infections can cause nausea,back pain,leakage,burning when you urinate,and some pelvic pain.In my opinion I would go see my Dr....but until you can get into the Dr. I would not drink any sodas,any caffine,alcohol,or anything with high acid ( things like OJ)...Drink Lots Of Water...But I would go to the store and get some Cranberry Juice or in the pharmacy in the Vitamins section there is a Cranberry Pill that is a Very High Concentrated Cranberry Oil...which helps to clean your urinary tract. One of these (the juice or the pills) will help you out a lot...Just follow the instuctions on the back of the bottle of pills or if you are going to drink the juice,I would drink 4-6 ounces 4 times a day...until you see the Dr......Info from someone who has been through this...I take Cranberry Pills everyday now...I have not had as many problems with this anymore and I strated taking the pills this about 3 years ago. If you do start this...make sure to talk to your Dr. about it when you see him for your appointment. Good Luck To You...I hope this helps you and anyone else that may read this....God Bless  It's nothing! When you get overly stressed out, it can cause your cycle to get delayed. It happens to a lot of women. I'm sure within the next week or two it will return. If you exercise a lot too, that will cause a delay. I know when I was studying for midterms I would always have a late period.  I would recommend speaking to him as soon as possible. I talked to my (now) husband very early on, as soon as I saw that things were getting serious, but before they got sexual. I gave him the facts, told him he was free to leave if he wasn't comfortable - no harm, no foul. He wasn't interested in going anywhere, but was appreciative that I spoke up about it. I take medication every day, and double up during outbreaks, but you are right, the threat of spreading it to him is certainly there. He has read up on the issue and is more informed now, and supportive. I recommend having some websites available, or printouts with you - ready to give him when discussing the condition. Sometimes our fear of disclosure is overblown. It also gives us a chance to be upfront and honest with our partner about things that happened to us prior to meeting them that were not our choice, not our wish, but we are dealing with and hoping, in sharing with our new love, to have their support so we can deal with the issue together. Good luck.  Well, seems either it's not important enough, or no one knows? I ended up doing a lot of research and actually got a lot of help from (believe it or not) the guys at GNC. They're actually not only about selling, but quite informative; I was surprised. So! In general, Flaxseed is not the way to go. For treating any type of depression of any sort, Fish Oil or Krill Oil is best. There are three types of ways these oils work. AHA, DHA, and EPA. Flaxseed (as a plant oil) is AHA. This type 'can' turn into DHA and EPA, but not always, and is slow going. If you've been told you need these oils for brain health, you need the DHA found in both Fish and/or Krill Oil. And nowadays they make '5x purified' capsules, with no fish burps or horrendous taste (I hate the smell OR taste of fish). So if you've been told to get something like this for a person who's just about 100lbs? They're good enough to take an adult's version, but might want to start off half the normal strength. I was given a 'Triple Strength Fish Oil 1240. Hope it helps someone. It's not 'medicine', but after my daughter's tried so many types to no avail, it's worth a shot. And I like the idea of dietary supplement instead of drugs.  Ok, I'm quite sure this has been checked and answered already, but I'm going to toss it out anyhow. Has it been checked if he has any lactose problems? My daughter is lactose intolerant and has had problems since she was a baby. I've had her seen by numerous doctors and specialist of all kinds. At the age of 10 she had several procedures including an upper endoscopy and colonoscopy with biopsies, amongst other horrendous things. And after years of trying to figure it out? A new doctor for our family diagnosed her as lactose intolerant. Something any reasonable doctor should've been able to figure out, yet many can't seem to comprehend. So! On the off chance, thought I'd chime in, especially since it's at breakfast time. And a person can become lactose intolerant after years of not being. Good luck in finding the cause and getting him the help he needs.  I find the mornings, before breakfast, to be the best. Here's what happens. You're exercising on an empty stomach, so your blood has to pull energy from your fat reserves. Then, after exercising, don't eat anything for at least 30 minutes. This allows your blood to stabilize, to catch up to its normal state, again from fat. This gives plenty of time to shower and otherwise get ready for work. Then have a good breakfast. If you eat immediately after exercising, your blood will replenish from that, instead of your fat, and you'll have less weight loss. And you've revved up your metabolizm to burn your breakfast instead of store it.  We men also feel a loss of interest,is this the same as loss of libido?? At 65,And,after 28 yrs of marriage,even I feel a fear of failure when the erections are not as frequent as in our younger years.  Most doctors would suggest home remedies for external hemorrhoids somewhere along the lines of your question. There is a suggestion to use a small string, rather than a rubber band. Almost like a turniqete, you tie the string around it, not too tight but not too lose. To cut blood flow off to it.  Here is some information on that I hope will be helpful. If you're worried that you may have an infection that you could pass along to your husband, you should give your doctor a call and see if you can get in and get checked out in person. You will ease your mind. The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi and welcome to WebMD Answers! While you're waiting for other responses, I found this information on that I hope will be helpful to you. It includes treatments for both Wet and Dry. We hope you'll visit again to ask and answers questions. Take care, The WebMD Answers Staff  Here is some information on that may be helpful to you. Unfortunately, this site is not a substitute for medical care. A doctor would have to examine you in person to know exactly what is causing your dark spots and provide you with the correct treatment. We wish you the best! The WebMD Answers Staff  The baby is still very small at 6 weeks. Here is a look at where things are, development-wise:  I found this information on here on our site. (It's in the Bulimia section, so please try to overlook that.) If you're seeing blood in your stool or experiencing any of these other symptoms, please reach out to your doctor and let him or her know what's going on and find out if there are other alternatives or answers. We wish you the best! The WebMD Answers Staff  Hi cgidcomb, Please seek immediate medical attention about this concern - call your eye doctor, regular doctor, after hours nurse asap. I'm not a medical professional and cannot supply you with a diagnosis, though no one can without a proper physical evaluation. While there are that may not cause a huge concern and could be applied to your own situation, I would hate for you to suffer vision loss from or something else by just putting this aside. Please take care and get the professional attention that you deserve. Best wishes!  For common skin warts, many dermatologists agree that its perfectly fine to try over-the-counter wart treatments for a couple of months. If your warts dont go away during that time, or if they get worse, it may be wise to seek medical attention. Dermatologists have a variety of wart treatment and removal techniques that are stronger and work faster than commercially available products. Also, remember that all warts can be mother warts that give rise to additional warts in your skin. So, the faster you remove the wart, the less likely it will spread.  The most common reason for coughing up blood is acute bronchitis, which typically gets better on its own without treatment. People with bronchitis with small amounts of blood in the mucus for less than a week can watch carefully and wait for their condition to improve. Coughing up blood can also be a sign of a serious medical condition. Call your doctor if you have any of these symptoms: Blood in mucus that lasts longer than a week, is severe or getting worse, or comes and goes over time Chest pain Weight loss Soaking sweats at night Fever higher than 101 degrees Shortness of breath with your usual activity level People requiring treatment for coughing blood are nearly always treated in a hospital, until the cause is identified, and the threat of serious bleeding passes.  Absolutly! If you don't something bad could happen.  Maybe? If you want to be positive go to a docter.  This could have been from spider bite and really to be seen by the ER and worry about costs later. A possible leg/life saving measure.  I had one back in Feb. it was about a week before I was fully healed.  What i ment to say was I was back to being able to do normal things in about a week. it was about 6 weeks.  According to author Michele Welton, who has been a canine consultant for over 30 years, the recommended time to spay is 9, 12 & 15 months depending on their size when full grown. This is from her book, "11 Things You Must Do Right To Keep Your Dog Healthy and Happy". You can find her at www.yourpurebredpuppy.com  It sounds like water retention. If you cut back on your sodium intake and make sure you are drinking one ounce of water per pound of body weight, it will relieve your symptoms. Drinking water seems counter-intuitive but it will help flush the fluid from your system. Good luck!  According we always have to do Body weight training under personal trainer because It's having so much risk .Recently I joined Body Weight Training Center in Delhi.  normal  update: I just found out the diagnosis: atopic dermatitis... Does anyone know any working treatment for it ? Thank you in advance  Try some allergy eye drops you can get them at wal mart. If its not better by the next morning he does need to go to the doctor.  It depends--on a scale of one to ten, how much does it hurt? Does resting it, icing it, or taking NSAIDs (such as ibuprofen) ease your discomfort? Curious also whether you're experiencing an inhibited range of motion in your spine. If you feel the pain radiating down your leg into your foot, it could be sciatica, which should certainly be treated. You can read up on it here: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0001706/  what was it? I have something similar, except for the fact that my tonsils were removed a while ago.. hope you're alive and well  Get him to the ER NOW! If the symptoms are the same as his known stroke, then he is having another stroke.  AFIB may cause those symptoms it is when the two upper chambers of your heart go out of rhythm and blood is not circulated right and causes those symptoms  it is common for people to get headaches from those smells it has been classified as a allergic reaction people who work in the medical field now are asked not to wear perfumes due patients that may have reactions to these things [just like latex balloons are not allowed in hospitals]  Do you consume a lot of sugar? I had similar symptoms then realized it was happening when I was drinking Mt. Dew. I stopped drinking Dew and it went away.  20 years ago my husband and i both got shingles at the same time, i was 36 and he was 56. we had just moved out of an apartment complex where there was at least 10 cases of chicken pox with the little kids. i had chicken pox as a child but my husband said he did not. when we asked the dr.he said it is not contagious, that when my husband was little, he probably had a minor case, and no one knew. i asked how that could happen. my doc says when one person gets chicken pox, the next person to get can be so minor they only get 1 or 2 chicken pox and go on never knowing they had it or the virus  They can certainly give me a headache!!!!!!!!!!!  Dumb question--ask the doctor that prescribed the med, or ask a pharamist.  The hormone that shows up on a pregnancy test drops drastically when having a miscarriage. That is how they figured out I was having one when I went to the doc, well that and the bleeding. I know low back pain is a sign. I think it is very possible that is what happened to you. Was this during a period or just randomly you started bleeding? If it was random, I would say yes, it was a miscarriage. If it happened during your regular monthly period time I would say no.  hey I am experiencing the same thing at the moment.e and my ex partner had intercourse and he got the condom stuck up me and I had my fingers up me trying to pull it out and I could feel that it was there but feel as if I did not remove it at the time it happened and now that I look in this time its not there when I am thinking to myself and am pretty sure I didn't remove it at the time it happened and now I don't know how to remove it because it was in the time it happened.um if I think of anything I will let you know.  it could be gaingreen  I say don't even waste your time he's not worth it. If he cant put your first in a relationship say the heck with it go out and find a real man. OR you could also go get to know and make her life a living h#@$%!!!....lol just saying!!!!  There's no other way to contact genital warts but through sexual intercourse so someones either lying to you or the doctors wrong you said above your penis do you mean on the head around where your pee comes out or on your actual stomach sort of between your stomach and penis where your hair line is????  You could be dehydrated, or it could be a problem with your appendix  Chances are if you have lived in the US for most of your life, you have been exposed to Chicken Pox even if you didn't show symptoms. The virus remains dormant in your body and then reactivates as Shingles - any more questions contact your local pharmacy. Pharmacists are very educated on Shingles and there is a vaccination for it as well which is recommended for anyone over 50. 1 out of 3 people will get Shingles in their lifetime.  i've heard 6 weeks.  I myself walk for 30 minutes on my lunch hour before I eat my lunch. I used to, when I was younger, work out after work. I have heard that working out early morning is great, I couldn't do it, and before dinner now, I'm too tired.  I have actually had this happen before and my toe nails literally fell off. BUT, they grew back and there were no long lasting issues. I let them fall off themselves and didn't pick at them so they didn't get bloody or anything like that.  I would definitely have his eyes checked by an Ophthamologist (vs. an Optometrist). I have migraines and I find it really scary when my vision is affected. I was diagnosed though, by going to an Ophthamologist.  It sounds like you have been diagnosed with acid reflux. If you look at some of the symptoms there may be some overlap with IBS, but just cause you have acid reflux, doesn't mean you have IBS. http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/acid-reflux-symptoms I hope this helps!  Are you diabetic by any chance? I found this tool on WebMD where you just select a condition and it shows you what you would see if you had it. I found this condition that showed spots... if this one doesn't seem right, just choose another condition from the list.  Ask your doctor about Lexapro taken daily. It has helped me to deal with the chronic anxiety,stress and depression from Crohns and it's effect on me physically and socially.  Yes,if it is something simple great.but if it is the beginning of something more serious earlier intervention will save you stress and her suffering.  Are you on a diet, lost weight recently, or under a lot of stress?  Sorry for the confusion. WebMD does not give you a lot of room to write, when you start off and I was having problems adding more.  As long as you clean off the keyboard and make sure to get the sticky stuff between the keys, you should be just peachy keen.  I had gastritis and it made me vomit from eating, made me extremely nauseas. You also might have GERD. You need to take prilosec and watch out for trigger foods.  that doesnt sound right. Hernia , maybe? He needs to see a pediatrician.  First off, right now, the alcohol is the main issue and her bipolar can not be addressed until she free of its usage...Ok, i too suffer from depression and manic episodes......did the alcohol bring on the depression or did the depression bring on the alcoholism? I dont know but i do know that once i got into a 12 step recovery program that i was able to work on my issues and resume a semi-normal life. I would recommend you save your patience for waiting in a slow grocery checkout line and get on with your life, her life might just need that "tough love" approach. I had to hit bottom to move on.  If it doesn't seem to bother her and it doesn't move it probably isn't a big problem, but you should probably see a vet soon, the sooner the better, just in case.  I'm no expert, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was just a placebo, and he started blinking, thought he had a problem with it, and then continued to blink more and more, because his brain thought he had a problem, so the brain made it so he did have a problem. It shouldn't be too big of an issue, so I wouldn't be worried.  If you had unprotected sex, it would be good to still take a pregnancy test. Some women still have periods or bleeding after getting pregnant. If you are not pregnant, check with you doctor on what could be causing your spotting. Anything that's not normal for you should be checked out.  I'm no expert on this but i'd say the activity your questioning is unsafe due to the height off the ground may be dangerous if you were to fall, and an accident with an animal that size might be fatal with or without pregnancy. Considering the fact that when I was pregnant I was restricted from participating in any extracurricular activities i'm assuming because they were hazardous. My suggestion is to stay safe and make careful decisions for you and your baby.  I believe it is a piece of fatty tissue that forms on the white part of your eye. It is generally related to a lot of time spent in the sun. A doctor can remove it with a lazier but unless it grows beyond the border of the iris it is harmless. But if your worried go see an optometrist for a comprehensive eye exam.  I unfortunately can't give you good guidelines, but I can tell the previous answer is incorrect. Cipro has repeatedly been associated with increased risk of tendon injury, it's probably safest to wait a at least a few weeks to exercise until it completely clears out of your system. Bottom line, though, is to check with your doc.  Men can also get breast cancer.  it is exactly what it looks like a freckle or small mole they are mostly harmless i know this as my optician noticed i have many small ones at the back of the eye dont worry as these are very common.  this may be a form of dementia or schizophrenia you should contact her doctor as soon as possible and explain your worries to him  cat scratches can be serious, keep the wound clean and be aware that there may be an infection there, if you start to feel ill (cold like symptoms) i would contact the doctor.  i have already given an answer but feel i must advice you to seek medical attention if your leg is leaking fluid there is an infection. if left too long the infection can travel to other parts of your body so please go to the hospital.  I just wanted the answer to the question about the different time of day about a beneficial workout - could not seem to figure out where to get the answer - should it be this complicated ?????  what are the side affects  Neurologist prescribed me Frovatriptan which works on the migraine but not on the frequency which can be every day for over 10 days. Sodium Valporate worked like a charm for a few months but then didn't. I have just started taking the highest dose (600mg am and 600mg pm) and keeping my fingers crossed. Have also cut out the top 10 migraine triggers and occasionally testing for allergies by eating one of them for one day, then back to diet for another 2, but its hard as you don't want to give yourself a migraine and I still get them anyway. There has been an operation done in the John Radcliff to implant electrodes in one lady's brain which seemed to work but I was told, by my consultant (lovely man - not!) it costs 15k and my chances of having it were zero. Have asked my doctor to refer me to a dietition but he thinks they are no longer available, due to cut backs. I've lost 11lb in the last 6 weeks and now just hoping the menopause will cure me, as it seems to with so many sufferers. Might try cutting out gluten as well but then I cant have my porridge for breakfast! Not sure about the phone answer - only had them for 4 months? Someone else told me recently they suffered from terrible migraines, then he said they lasted for all of ... 10 minutes! Mine last 10 hours. Plus. Don't loose heart. We still have good days, unlike many other poor souls who have permanent afflictions like Parkinsons and Cancer.  One possible cause for sudden bright white light in your vision could be the retina in your eye could be coming unattached. you MUST see an opthalmologist and get it looked at if it continues persistantly. This is not a good thing but it can be fixed if you act quickly.  Bright spots that come and go could possibly be caused by pressure on your optical nerve. I had this a couple times a long time ago. Some say it could also preceed a migraine. I didn't have the migraine, but I was under a great deal of stress at the time. it hasn't reoccurred since then, but it really bothered me. My eye doctor and physician told me the veins around the optical nerve can enlarge a little and move into the optical nerve, causing the vision problem.  most likely i would say you have an STD, you need to go to the gynocolgist, me personly, i would take it seriously. more than 70 percent, people has HPV, make an appt immediatly.. that is not normal.. even if you are underage and you want to hide this from your panrents, find the closest PLAN PARENTHOOD in your area and call them. or get on the internet and google cheap noninsurance gynocologist office.. you need to do something about that. please see a dr immediatly  I am sure you got your answers if she has already went. Which I hope she has. It is very important that she gets the help that she needs because I believe this is very serious if she has gone as far as drinking and having suicidal feelings. I am experienced with this because I was a patient of bi-polar and began treatment in 2002. Helping is hard. She must first want to help herself before she can be helped. It is going to be a bumpy road for you both, as relationships with a bi-polar person can be difficult and hard to deal with. Positive words and thoughts are always a plus. Patience is the key.  Have you seen a rheumatoid dr. for testing? It sounds like fibromyalgia, which I have. Mornings are the worst for me.  I would think that an orthopedist would be the best specialist for that. Every time I have ever gotten a sprained ankle, hurt something in one or both of my legs, or had a majorly pinched nerve, my PCP would send me straight to one.  how old are you? you could be in the beginning of menopause. I stopped having my period long before the hot flashes even began to start, like years ! I was surprised when hot flashes actually started! I am 53 now, but stopped having my period when I was about 40. I did not start hot flashes until about 45.  Frequent drinking of hot beverages that contain caffeine like coffee and any kind of hot tea.  No it is common for dogs to eat grass. I have 3 Dachshunds and they do it all the time. They may be lacking something in there diet. I would not be concerned.  When your Dr. orders an MRI and you have it done. It is seen by a professional and the results are sent back to your Dr.. I find it weird that you were told there was something of concern on your MRI. And at the same time told it was nothing to worry about. I would go to the place where you had your MRI. And ask for a copy of the results. And take it with you and get a second opinion.  Since you only injured it only a day or so ago. It takes time to heal. And looks like it has been a week now. You should have some relief. You may also have had some nerve damage. Since you did have it r-rayed and seen by a Dr. And they found no fracture. Give it more time to heal. If you are still having problems in 4-6 weeks from now. I would see an Orthopedic Dr. for follow up.  ? Did you have the same cardiologist surgeon put it in. If it is implanted under some muscle tissue. You don't see it as much. But if it is implanted just under the skin. It is going to show more. If you have to have it replaced again. For cosmetic purposes tell your surgeon before the surgery.  get pain from neck shoulder down the middle of the right arm.feels like a burning sensation going though the veins.  Sounds like some irritant. Especially being in the area that you are in. I would flush my eye(s) out before going to bed at night and keep using moisturizing drops during the day. Also upon waking would wash the lids by splashing water on them and then towel dry. This would take away any irritant that settled on the lid while you were sleeping. Change all bed clothes before starting this and keep washing them frequently to keep the airborne irritants off your sleeping space.  I to am bipolar 2 My Dr. said that bipolar 2 jusst means that I am more on the deppressive side on the upper side for the most part. I don't think that anything a friend does brings it on its just something that we batte. Medication is the only thing that helps. And maybe a friend to be there for you to just listen. cougar  I am not an MD. However my step-dad's father had an incident in which he scratched his eye with a piece of welding slag. It leaked for several weeks and eventually dried out causing him to have it removed. If the problem is highly persistent, or your eye leaks any fluid I would suggest having it looked at sooner rather than later.  You need to go to the Dr. Drinking tea that contains caffeine can hurt your heart if there's a genetic problem. I saw on Dr. Phil that his Dr. On call app is free and if you get the free app you can talk to a real live Dr. For free till Feb. 28th. Hope this helps.  It depends on the insurance that you have. You may still have a co-pay to pay at the time of your visit even after your deductible has been met. Most insurances require you to pay co-pays. The deductible is the part where the cost of your visit is usually paid in full by your insurance. Hope that helps.  I would think it would be from allergies due to the ventilation. If you haven't already I would try taking some kind of allergy/antihistamine medicine and maybe give it a couple days to actually work properly and see if it makes a difference. I am by no means a doctor but that's my suggestion. Hope I help.  was on klonopin for 4 years 2 milligram..last week they switched me to xanax, not sure its working yet  You Should See a doctor Just Because Its The Neck and the Spinal Cord area See a Doctor To Make Sure your Fall did'nt damage any nerves  no dont see a doctor unless fluid of any kind( pus,blood,etc) start to build up in it  well she has celiacs disease (non life threatning disease) but she can not have wheat so feed her corn based products like ( some chex mix cerals, corn tortillas,some soups, any thing that says gluten free on the label   vericose vains most likely if there purple or blue  normal just keep an eye on it  You may have strained your ocular muscles. I fell down the stairs in November and strained all my muscles. Didn't know why my eyes hurt until February. Don't wait get checked out.  I had same sun spot and one left small blind spots and one give me some ideas what could cause this dbruss1@att.net  I had a small breakout on the end of my nose, but the shingles were actually internal...up my nose, and in my ears and throat.  FCBS delivers simple yet highly effective slimming program to lose weight with the help of Dubai health authorized Dietitian and Lymphatic drainage massage under the supervision of Dubai health authority certified Physiotherapists and massage therapists. http://fcbsglobal.com/weight-loss-treatment.php  In Herbs of the Earth by kidney stone pain relief, she lists under stones and gravel in the urinary system pertaining to kidneys and the bladder, that these are rare where apple cider or vinegar are a staple of the diet. (I note that this reference does not state whether the vinegar needs to be apple cider vinegar, but the brands in the health food aisle are less processed.  Your treatment is: Drink more than 16 Cup Zamzam water per day http://wikiislam.net/wiki/Drinking_Zamzam_Water_and_its_Health_Risks  View this product http://abeeainkg6kuev34mbz96bk281.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=KENYDIET  Spider bite  This happened to me a few years ago. I was so scared that I was at the eye doctor's office when it opened . They worked me in and dr. gave some fancy name for it and said nothing to worry about. It never happened again. It was worth the trip just to be re-assured!   About 10 years ago, that happened to me and scared me to death. As soon as office opened, I called my eye dr. office, and the receptionist told me to come in that day. Nothing serious other than experiencing many "floaters" through out the day for several days, but doc said it could have been indicative of a serious problem.. Your age might have something to do with problem along with any existing eye conditions. I have to admit that I did get some strange looks when I started swatting my hand in front of my face at what I thought were nates (it was just the floaters). See your doc soon -- it's really a relief to get the doc's opinion. Good luck!  Can't help you with both questions, but my husband was often asked if he was on blood thinners because of so many bruises on arms and hands. He was NOT on any thinners, but 4 years later he was diagnosis with Myleodisplastic Syndrom (MDS) which is a disease of the bone marrow where the platelets, and red & white blood cells are produced. Because he is in his 70's, there is no chance of getting a bone marrow transplant. You might recall a co-host (Robin Roberts) on Good Morning America (ABC) was lucky enough that her sister was an ideal match. I just wished that some doctor had looked into my husband's problem of the vast amount of skin bruises years ago. After 10 months, Robin rejoined her show and looks great. Perhaps you're not old enough for this to apply to you, but keep in mind if you have older relatives who bruise for no apparent reason.  I know so many people that hate when a doctor wastes their time, but please do me a favor and go see your doctor. I have my own problems with lower back pain, and it took me asking the right questions and not dealing with a doctor that wasn't willing to help. To find out 3 months later I have a genetic issue and it caused me to break my back.The bigger reason to see the doctor is that I just lost a very dear friend that didn't think doctors new a thing, and after dealing with so many visits to the chiro we got her to the doctor. It was too late as she had bone cancer and it wasn't found soon enough. She suffered a lot as do all of us that wish we would have forced her sooner. The right doctor is out there, you just have to be willing to do the work to find them.  I also suffer very bad from daily chronic migraines (for 40 yrs). While my neurologist is trying his best to help me I still have to go to the ER a few times a month. It's gotten to the point where I know all the doctors & nurses by their first name. Most of the doctors & nurses are very caring & understanding but there are a few that should have chosen a different profession. When I am in that excrutiating pain & vomiting the last thing I need is someone acting like they're doing me a favor & I'm not as important as other patients. All I ask for is imitrex, zofran & benedryl & some of these people act like I'm a junkie. I have been sent home sometimes in worse pain than when I arrived. I once asked for a second dose of imitrex after 2hrs of getting the 1st injection. I was told by this nasty little young female doctor that it was inappropriate. I had no idea what I was supposed to do with that. When I am treated like a piece of crap I immediately report them to the hospital. It's really hard living with migraines when most people don't understand & look at me like I'm crazy & exaggerating.  I am interested in this. What did they say or do that made U think they would not see your daughter? Why did they say they would not see her? Tell us the rest of the story.  Your body prob got use to the workout. That happened to me and I workout with my dad for a while. I noticed I wasn't pushing myself and doing certain things right. Maybe find a trainer and ask them to show you some pointers. That helped me a lot. I wouldn't suggest diet pills. I don't know why I am against those but I haven't found any that doesn't have a lot of caffeine in it. I've read some labels say not to consume any other caffeine from coffee or tea. I'm a huge coffee drinker. Maybe you need to cut more things out of your diet. Maybe you didn't take enough things out. For instance I was a fast food junky b/c I'm always busy and I had to stop eating out and that helped me lose more.... Hopefully that helped. I'm not a professional. Just speaking based off my personal experience.  hyperactivity, rapid eye movements  Internist, sounds like a infections,  Make sure you don't have h pilori causing ulcers. I was just treated  Um.... My guess is puberty kiddo. Wear loose pants and wash your hands.  In other words, can you generally pinch a lymph node in the skin fold, or are they more attached feeling.. ?? I can feel underneath the bump when I pinch it in the skin.. I didn't think you could do that with a node..   im sorry to say you should get to MD eye specialist so they can give you presreciption drops to avoid infection from abrasion.in the mean time get some lubrication eye drops, this is a serious problem dont mess around with your sight------- BEST WISHES personal reference; I HAD A CORNEAL ULCER THE MOST PAIN ID EVER FELT.. ALMOST LOST SIGHT ENDED UP AT THE PROCTOR EYE CENTER UCSF I GOT GREAT CARE I WISH I WOULD OF WENT FOR HELP SOONER  yes you should see a doctor..  Personally for me once a day its in such close proximity to your skin and under arms thats alot of dead skin and bacteria, once a day changing if I go out in the evening.  strongly recommend second opinion !! if diarrhea has yellow tint probable c-diff u need act asap  Drink more water. You are probably dehydrated.  ask about alprazolam 0.25 mg oral tabs  I am not a doctor but I would assume that the rash is not from the Sudafed. If I had to guess I would say that it is from a reaction to laundry detergent, hand soap, etc. Does she have water blisters on her extremities, primarily her fingers? You best guess is just to take her to the doctor, especially if she starts having issues breathing. I hope this helps  You shouldn't exclude psychiatrists because of one bad experience a while back. Was this a psychiatrist you saw as a kid or - what is more likely - a psychologist? (Psychologists engage in talk therapy, psychiatrists prescribe medication) Technically, you can get anti-depressants from your primary care doctor but having been on medication for a long time I can tell you that psychiatrists have training and experience regular docs just don't and are more likely to know how to deal with dosages, side-effects, etc.  The most likely reason is that one of your previous sexual partners has not experienced the HPV infection (most women don't) and if you're not looking for them (regular physicals) there can be some that small that your doctor wouldn't see them with his/her eyes only. There is a tiny, tiny chance that you had a wart on your hands or some other part of the body that you cut and then spread the virus to your genitals (the doc told me that he sees this pretty much only when women shave and spread the virus with the razor because both sites have miniscule nics). But this is so unlikely that I would say it has to be your partners.  I meant to say that a lot of women have HPV but have no symptoms.  Most of the time, people do not react to bedbug bites. Because, of this alot of people who have them don't even know it. My wife and I had to deal with an infestation. My wife reacted to the bites, which caused intense itchyness but not much else. I however did not react or feel anything. You can a trap to see if you have an infestation and if you catch one, you'll know. I hope this helps, and good luck!!  the same thing happened to me at my cardiologist office the nurse would not let it get filled.Now I am in congestive heart failure  yes you should  The doctor you are looking for is called orthopedic!!!  The doctor you are looking for is called orthopedic!!!  I have the same thing on my butt cheek. But i cant find anything on google about. It hurts soooo bad and gave me a fever for a day. I finally managed to pull the white out and it was a hard but squishy mass so now there is a hole in my cheek. The pain hasnt gone away so i think there may be more in there. I know this was posted a while ago but what did it end up being?  not that i know of there is not but they do make everything else why not that  First, It is nothing that you said or did that brings on the episodes. Bi-polar disorder is very difficult. I am bi-polar. It is very important that she gets help for the drinking. Many people with bi-polar disorder self medicate with drugs and alcohol. The best thing you can do for her is to make sure she gets help.  you may have problems w the spine, or head and neck area. i have the same problem somewhat. your going to want to se a dr to make sure but here is what i do for headaches and vision....  it sounds like an infection, try alcohol and cleaning it... soak it in warm water with salt. also take an alergy pill just in case, if you have them... worstcase senario you might have an alergy to whatever scratched you. but i general is just sounds like an infection.  You may be pregnant. That is what it meant for my sisters.  I like putting a drop or two of colloidal silver, it's a natural antibiotic. My neighbors into natural stuff and she's pretty informed on this sort of thing. I use it for my eyes when I forget to take contacts out at night. The next morning my eye feels scratchie ... A drop of colloidal silver in my eye and it's gone. I buy it at whole foods.  First of all, I would call your dentist. Perhaps the stitches are not holding and he/she will need to have you come in immediately. Until you go in I would use an ice pack or even ice cubes in a washcloth and apply it on the outside of the immediate wound. If you have any gauze, fold it up into a small square and apply on your wound. Hold your jaw closed for at least 15 minutes. My husband had 18 teeth removed for false teeth and went through some of this. Also, are you taking aspirin? If you are you need to stop until this gets resolved. Aspirin thins the blood. If you do not get relief soon, you may need to go to an ER. Best of Luck  Floaters! My dad used to experience these all the time, especially when driving, or looking at a bright backdrop. Here is a page of information on them! Hope this helps! http://www.webmd.com/eye-health/benign-eye-floaters  See your doctor. You may have forgotten to remove a tampon, which after a long period of time, will be difficult to detect as it will be covered in the same mucous that is in your vaginal area. Not only will it be difficult to see, but difficult to grasp hold of to pull out. Your doctor has the tools to detect the tampon and remove it.  Typical Migraine symptoms..I have been dealing with it for 20 years Research it. I don't know what doctor you seen but I see a specialist and if you get blurry visions w/ headache it's a migraine. BUT see you family doc...for piece of mind!  yes  I am not a doctor, but I have contacts for far away and I asked my eye doctor one time if getting contacts would make my eyes worse and he said that it's actually possible that since I'm only 20 that they could go the opposite direction. He said that a lot of people who are need lenses for far away, around their forties experience a shift in the other direction and end up needing glasses for close up things. So depending on your age that could be the case. Also, I've also read that prescription changes with both eyes become more nearsighted can be related to undiagnosed diabetes. But with the retinal detachment, i'm not sure how this would apply. Not to freak you out, but it might be something to see your regular doctor about too if you don't think it could be a natural change.  unlikely considering the fallopian tubes help the egg travel to the uterus.  no you wouldto shakey  I find that with my parents, talking about the issue as if it were a friend's issue and explaining it like that helped me appear not as an overbearing child. In the past, they have put the information together with what I have said and thought it was their idea. A little crafty but useful.  (Continued)...Yesterday it became swollen again in the morning. I was in pain, it was itchy, it was still swollen. It later got extremely better at the end of the day. No more signs of cold sores and significantly less swollen. But this morning I wake up and it is huge again. I am continuing to take Valtrex. But I have no idea it is it even my cold sores doing this. Please help. I've avoided food that I ate the first day considering allergens. Please help I have a midterm in two hours.  It could be flea bites??? My daughter is allergic to fleas and it sounds similar. Of course the thing you do not want to hear, it could be soooo many other things, poison oak/ivy, scabies etc. Domebro is a good itch reliever but does dry the skin. You can buy it at most any store, wal-mart, bi-mart, fred meyer etc  other than pills, several people go see charapractor (sorry if it wrong spelling) with getting their back popped n massage after a few visit it seem to go away. i have chronic migraines for 5 years now and nothing helps me ... so far. try that to see if it works a doctor had told me for what he does with his paitents instead of charapctor he use acupunture.  http://women.webmd.com/tc/abnormal-vaginal-bleeding-topic-overview here a link to a bout spotting. hope it what you need  Something I couldn't put: I was sleeping a normal 7 hours and that was making me depressed during the day, which is probably the BPD. But I practically HAVE to sleep 12 hours to be able to function even a little bit. And even with 12 hours, the eye thing is STILL happening. Maybe not so bad though.  Try the BRAT diet, if you have not already. It's strictly Banana, Rice, Apple sauce (not sweetened), and Toast (dry). DO NOT CHEAT while on the BRAT diet. Not even a bite. And only drink water. Eat this way until you have solid bowel movements for a day. Then reintroduce bland foods. The bland meal I always have to follow up is plain chicken breast, yam, and rice. If the stool gets loose again, go back to the BRAT for another day or two. I used this remedy with my children whenever they had diarrhea, and it worked like a charm.  I think you should see an ENT. I suffered with sinus infections for many years, with nosebleeds, sinus pressure, daily headaches, facial pain, congestion, drainage, etc... I also tried anything you can buy OTC and prescriptions. Last year I saw an ENT, had a CT Scan, and a few months later I had sinus surgery (which included scraping/cleaning out my sinus cavities and correcting a deviatied septum). Healing time was within what they consider a normal range and the pain was not as bad as I had expected it to be. I had surgery in August and was allergy tested in December and recently began allergy shots. It has been a long process but I am finally starting to feel better. If you are going to see an ENT I would talk to friends, family members, people who can recommend one to you that they have seen and are happy with. The practice I go to has a website entcarolina.com and they offer some helpful advice, information on procedures, testing, etc... i hope this helps, good luck  Not a good idea to take more then one birth control a day. It will not stop your period. It can mess with your hormone levels and trust me girl you don't won't that!! Also it is possible since you are not taking it as directed it will become ineffective. It can increase your risk for blood clots as well. I noticed months that I did not take mine like I should have my period was similar. Severe cramps, it lasted longer but it was spotty. There is a prescription birth control that allows you to have only 4 periods a year if that's what you are after. Talk to your doctor about it and do some research. It might not be good for you to have high estrogen birth control. Good Luck! And you should always take prescribed medicine as directed; there is a reason behind everything.  To update her thyroid meds.  is that a contraceptive?  pain in my buttocks and down my left leg......being seated relieved the pain.........could not even stand for shower or brush my teeth.....pain for several months.............had an ablation on the branch nerves of the sciatica...........pain went away........maybe 3 years ago  yes  I use Fatsecret.com. You can log in your foods and choose the settings you would like (for instance) protein, fat, sugar, sodium, fiber. It will allow you to track 5 at one time. It will give you how many grams you are eating per day based on the foods you input.  rubber glove put pure alvera from plant on it about 3days it will be over.  I think that would be up to you. If your happy with your therapist stay. If you feel not getting anywhere find someone else  First and sorry about this but anything is possible. Is it likely that you were knocked up by "fingering?" I highly doubt it. However, when it comes to sex it is always better to be safe rather than sorry. Use birth control and condoms. Not only will it give you the best chance to prevent unwanted pregnancy but it will also protect you against STD's. Don't rely on good faith of other people or if a man tells you he's going to put a condom on and don't ever fall for the "pull-out" method. Put the condom on for him. Make it playful and put it on with your mouth. This way you protect yourself without getting into an akward conversation when your about to do the nasty. And if you are super concerned still, use a vagianl spermicide. There is no reason that one can't use more than one birth control method. As for when is the earliest you can take a pregnancy test, well I've read up to 5-7 days before your next period. Personaly, I don't see how the hormone levels would be strong enough to detect, but hell it's worth the try and you can get it over the counter. Try it but my suggestion would be to follow it up with a pregnancy test if you miss your next period. Good luck!  I saw a video clip from dr. Oz show last night. It says for dry cough to use an suppresant(dextromethrophan) and for a wet cough to use expectorant (guaifenesin)  He probably has an ear infection. Unless there is fluid coming out of his ear his ear drum probably hasn't ruptured yet. My guess would be that the popping is either from sinus pressure or fluid build up behind the drum. I strongly suggest seeing a doctor before they rupture because it is EXTREMELY painful.  As a sixty year old male I can tell you that Intercourse is a risky business. Men at our age may be fearful of not being able to perform. That having been said here is what needs to happen. You must start a conversation about your desires and expectations. I find that many people want to have sex but they don't want to talk about sex. You not mature enough to have sex if you are not mature enough to talk about sex. ask if there is a medical problem. then ask if there is something that can be done (BLUE PILL AND THE LIKE) DON'T MAKE INTERCOURSE THE BE ALL AND END ALL OF SEX. There other ways to be intimate. Serious foreplay and oral sex, role playing games mutual masturbation. be willing to explore and be willing to do what it takes to satisfy each other. REMEMBER THE BRAIN IS THE LARGEST SEXUAL ORGAN IN THE BODY. NOW GO PLAY AND HAVE FUN.  See your doctor right away! I had this same issue along with bleeding after intercourse with my husband and I had cancer. Go in now!  Alcohol can cause high blood pressure and high blood pressure does make you look and feel flushed. Do you have any kind of a rash? Like pimples? or blisters? If that's the case, It might be shingles.  Thanks for asking this question. I dated a man (he was in his mid-40's) for awhile who was asexual. He was affectionate otherwise. We traveled together, slept together, but we never had sex. We split up for other reasons non-related to this. I found some information on the internet, but not much to explain why this is so for some. Certainly other medical issue can come into play, but I don't think that was true in this case.  no bc method is granunteed to work, so if you stop taking it then start just before he comes in town thats puts u at higher risks of getting pregnant.  the physical reaction to stressful situation is not the same reaction have been occured..have a many reason if why? problem is always beside at in the surroundings and the sulotion or our problem is always open them at the surroundings. i have many idea.why and why..to solve in any situation in our problem..first in what and why in a problem..second how and when and where to solve the problem.  Get Relief from your chronic back pain, neck pain and other running injuries with the treatment of Dr. kevin Ho. They treats you with Chiropractor and Acupuncture method. http://www.drkevinho.com/treaments/ 	 	 	 	 	 		<!-- 		BODY,DIV,TABLE,THEAD,TBODY,TFOOT,TR,TH,TD,P { font-family:"Arial"; font-size:x-small } 		 --> 	  what can i do to stop burning and itching now.no discharge.It is on thr top of my vaginal.I am 53...help....  Is it actually on the eye surface or on the skin outside the eye. If it is the first you need to get it checked out. I had a corneal ulceration a couple of years ago on my pupil. I found it early and did not have pain or blurred vision but was cautioned not to wear contacts for a long time. It does require immediate medical attention. If it is on the skin (eyelids) surrounding the eye it may be a sty or cyst. You could try hot compresses(soak a washcloth in hot water) and apply three times several times a day. The eye pain indicates you at least need to contact your doctor. Hope you feel better.  yes , if the bp fluctuates high enough  u might try a gastroentrologist. jope this helps.  short answer: not usually might wanna get checked out by a doc.. hope that this helps...  YES GO NOW !!!!  eeeeeesssshhhhh.. well the high wbc indicates some kind of infection,but it doesnt tell u where the infection is , the same with the fever and the chills,but the blurry vision makes me think that it could be (I'M NOT A DOCTOR AT ALL ,i'm just smart when it comes to medical stuff) it makes me think that there could be something going on in ur brain but im not a doc. have the docs uve been to have the done brain testing? if not then ask if they think it could be ur brain cause thats my hunch.......  go back to the Dr. Bronchitis can become pneumonia.  can you describe his feeling? otherwise, only thing that probable is jaw dislocation or popping by making clicking sound  before you decide to gain weight, what is your height? looking at your user name, i'm assuming your a male who weighs 140lb. on average male height in north america is 6 feet, and your bmi is average. unless you are 6 feet 9 you are underweight or 5 feet 9 you are overweight.  I have suffered with chronic back pain for over 20 yrs  Yes I would see a doctor. There can be many reasons for back pain and if you are constantly taking over the counter medicines you can actually cause additional harm to your body. I made that mistake years ago and messed up my liver.  Yes you should see a doctor. My sister suffers from it and has for over a year. There may not be a cure but there is medication you can take to help with it and exercise to keep it from happening as often.  I would request an MRI from your current doctor. If he does not want to send you for an MRI, depending on your insurance, I would ask for a referral to see someone else. You can see another primary care doctor. But getting an MRI to see what is going on will help you know what kind of specialty doctor you may need.  yes if you do not want it to get worse    You may speak with a dermatologist about that particular concern of yours. Dr. Eric Schweiger is a member of the American Academy of Dermatology and the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He may help you with that.  I strongly recommend that you speak with a dermatologist about that. Dr. Eric Schweiger is a member of the American Academy of Dermatology and the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery. He can help you with that.  Aloe can be a weight loss regimen because it has the ability to clean the colon. Cleaning out the colon will definitely improve your energy level and can make your weight loss efforts more productive.  You may advise your boyfriend to see a board certified dermatologist about that particular concern or he may check out www.clearclinic.com.  You may speak with a dermatologist about that particular concern of yours. Dr. Eric Schweiger, a board certified dermatologist may help you with that. Clear Clinic - http://www.clearclinic.com/  If you are pregnant there is nothing you can do to end the pregnancy besides getting an abortion. The only way to know if you are pregnant is to take a test.  If you are a girl you could be pregnant ( thats the first thing my doctor asked me when i had my back pains over a year ago) * your spine could be unlined( i forgot the term) I would go see a doctor  you can just go to your regular doctor and if it's severe they'll recommend you to a specialist  You could be pregnant, go see your regular physician, they can handle your needs or refer you to someone who can.  Hello. i don't know what a raspberry ketone is but i'll be honest and say it doesn't really matter. understanding what you're eating isn't the trick. it's understanding YOU! your body doesn't know what a ketone is either. it's only reacting to what you think, say and feel. in 2011 i lost 70 lbs in less than 5 months with no exercise. it's about being aware of WHAT you are, not who you are or what job you have. Your body is a product of nature and does amazing things if you know to get out of your own way at times. i just got finished losing 15 lbs in a week and a half. piece of cake. losing weight is about working less, not harder. it's extremely easy if you have awareness and to be careful of the media and things like that who misinform you. you are much more powerful than you think and much more powerful than you've been taught in school. KNOW that you're divine! you're created that way. there are literally millions of people who have a very negative attitude when it comes to losing weight. jumping into a diet by skipping step 1 makes it a slow, drawn out process. i'm always here if you have a question or just need to talk. Have a glorious, logical day!  I recently fainted. I had cramp at the waistline for nearly 10mins. My eyes started to blur. Then my nose felt like it wasn't taking in enough air or there is a weird scent in the air. Then i had total tunneled vision. My neck couldn't support the head. Limbs are working well. Hearing fine. My lungs felt like it was burning. The bystander asked questions, which I understand and answered them.Took a few before my vision was back after drinking water and while snacked on my chocolate bar. Found out I was sweating like I done 200m run. Left me with a mild headaches. Which is slightly different from above.  There is defiantly nothing wrong with you. My son is10 and starting the early signs of puberty, hair growth in new areas and such. Being 14 you are just about to hit the peak of puberty for boys which is about 15, so your penis will continue to grow and and your body will start to develop more in the months to come.  I do not know about the pain in your left testicle, since it has been there 7 years, you may wan to consult your doctor. Not masturbating did not cause this pain though.  ershellbeck@gmail.com  Honestly i can tell you that I took care of a lady who was 106 and she had it...sadly she passed away at 107...just do what the doctors tell you to do..and dont let it get to you a lot :) Live a happy life...stress free....also my mom was diagnosed with alzheimers and dementia 15 years ago..and she is still alive..we put her on experimental drugs..she can still cook and drive and take care of her self :) check outt he experimental drug trials in your area...they really can be life savers :) Best of luck to a great and healthy long lived life  sounds to me like high blood pressure  go to ER  you need to have surgery to sew up the stomach lining from where the fluid is coming from  um...thats called cum.... hahaha stop being a virgin..  yes sounds like he needs x rays for sure  Sounds like she might have a UTI....please take her to the doctor adn ask to check for a UTI  Hi. I had a similar experience when i was pregnant with my daughter. I went to the hospital for cramping/lower back pain. They saw the yolk sac but no baby or heart beat. I went to my OB/Gyn 2 weeks later and They said that the fetus won't have a heartbeat until the 8-9 week mark. and by then movement may also be seen. Needless to say My daughter is now 6 months old and very healthy! Don't worry. I am Sure your baby is fine! Congratulations!     To add to the original question: I have difficulty to focus when reading to the point I must look away. If I look down the pain is sharp.  see a Chiropractor..a MD will only waste your money and give out drugs..a good Chiro will make the proper diagnosis without drugs..I had samething. I went to mine today..its was how I sit while on laptop that made a disc go out.. she fixed it quick..sounds like your wife has a pinched nerve..  Hi Dear, sorry you are in such pain, I too, have the same pain symptoms. I just had a lumbar MRI, and something showed up in my Thoracic Spine which is above the lower back and can radiate into your butt and hip. There is no position, that I have found, that is comfortable. I encourage heating pads, some people use ice...But first and most important, go see your Doc. and demand an MRI of the Thoracic spine. And most of all good luck, try to stay away from having surgery, and if you need help you can contact me @sugarskiss@gmail.com  i would definatley seek doctor specialy if its speading and turning into pus you may have an infection  I had the same symptoms twice which were excruciating. I almost "killed" the ambulance, it was so bad. I was diagnosed with Diverticulitis. I had to have emergency surgery - a colon re-section. It was explained that depending upon the length of my intestine, it would determine if the portion that was inflamed was cut, would there be enough to reattach. If not, then I would have to have a colostomy. I was lucky I didn't need that. However, the symptoms returned a couple of years after that surgery and another procedure was done. No, no colostomy. It is very important to keep the intestines clean as much as possible - water and veggies help a lot as well as fruits. Any abdominal pain is never to be ignored. It is not for you to determine if it is gas or not. Any self diagnosis could prove more harmful and could be fatal. See the doctor right away or go to the ER.  OMG!!!! Yes it is hard and takes time with them. Mine is the same. But anyway I would take her back to the ER and tell them what I had too and don't leave until till they do something. If she has a blockage that is dangerous and they should know that and they should help her in the hospital. They can not refuse you. And I know from myself there are doctors in the hospital that take care of stuff like that too.Enemas and softeners aren't going to help. You might try a warm bathe or a warm towel on her stomach. HOSPITAL don't wait a month.. or if you know the GI doctors or even the nurse of them someone else may be able to see her. I am sorry I know what it's like wish I could help more.  Have you tried to put pressure on the wound? If it doesn't stop bleeding within 20 minutes, he does need to seek help. If it is bleeding like a pulled tooth, try packing the area with gauze like a pulled tooth and keep pressure on the area. If it continues to bleed, he needs medical help.  You need to see an orthopaedic doctor. If you lie down on back and turn your feet toward each other does the pain worsen? If so, the pain is coming from your hip joints. The pain can be caused by disc problems in your back. Either way you need to see an Orthopaedic specialist. Ask around for a GOOD doc. and much luck to you.  u may have an abnormal cycle. i will advise u to go to the doctor  Its been my experience that if you have a neurosurgeon or 2 in mind to get 1st and 2nd opinions from, the neourologist oeeice works closely with a great many primary care physicians. They will go out of their way to get you set up with a dr. that doesnt just pretend to care, one that does. likely after the MRI you will be assigned a pain management provider. Please be careful with that Dr. If he Offers alternatives to pain (and find out what they are) then ask if he has a program to help people with opiate addiction. My Dr helped me get a pain pump, a machine that slowly delivers only 8 mlg of medication over 24 hrs. He Has other pain alternatives and is careful to weed the drug seekers out little by little. good luck  sounds maybe like shingles??? do u have a rash??? i would def go see a doctor to get checked out...if it is shingles..u would need to get that treated because it can travel to the brain and bloodstream  well as far as the hernia....you need to get it checked out... i know u said u have no health insurance but there are ways to get some...i had an incarcerated inguinal hernia in 2011... had it removed..but i let mine go for about a year and yes it is very painful...  you should definitely see a doctor, i am not sure about surgery but the best thing is to get a doctor looking at it.  if you still have some symptoms you should see a doctor, i also recommend seeing an insectologist, sometimes they take a test to see what bite you, do not think of mosquito bite that simple , and for the next time do not try to irritate the bitten place with rubbing it to much. here are some good tips  I'd advice to repeatedly wash off your eyes with cold tap water. Then switch off lights and be in dark for a minute. Then turn on light to see if you have sensitivity to light. If you experience sensitivity to light, then it is advisable to visit a doctor. Hope it helps.  lower back pain and front left pelvic area pain...In the .mornings hard to stand and walk. urinating uncontrolled , neck pain( leftside),,after walking around pain is less,,but not gone..hard to stand up every morning. drinking water ,,it go right threw .I.can't make it to the bathroom,without urine running down my legs.  If you have been on birth control for at least a few months then you should not get pregnant. If your on the pill and you haven't been taking it accordingly then you could get pregnant. If your this worried about getting pregnant you should use condoms also, just to be on the safe side. I don't know anyone that has used the morning after pill, so there maybe some side effects. You could call the doctor you got the birth control from and ask what they think you should do.  I would suggest showing her more way that your relationship is stronger and different; meaning better. show her more tlc affection.  that could possibly indicate nerve damage. I would suggest speaking to a physician about the situation and other thing you can as well as cant feel. He or she may refer you to a neurologist( one who specializes in nerves)  Most time numbness is a sign of a nerve being pinched or restricted in some way.  I am sorry to ask this but are you a female? I only ask because your tyroid gland affects everything in your body. ask your doctor to check your estrogen levels. I was the same as you until I seen my gynecologist. I am now in hormone replacement therapy and feel much better.I wake up feeling alive I don't feel like I'm walking in a fog all day. Hope this helps. :-)  ciprofloxacn and metronidazol are two meds I am on. I am very sick to my stomach and blurred vision. I have only one eye worry about that. What to take for upset stomach. I react to most antibotics.  I think you should definitely see a doctor, and I recommend you go to an Urgent Care or an Immediate Care facility (the one that has an X-ray machine on site. Before you go, I advise you to feel the effected area of your foot, find the spot where it hurts the most then, point your toes up ( this may hurt but, you want to find out what's wrong) so you can really feel where the bones are and see if your most painful spot is on one of those bones. If it is, you could very likely have a hairline fracture (a crack in the bone). I'm not a doctor but, I have associated with people who had a hairline fracture and had to be put on crutches, because if left untreated, it's likely to become a full fracture. I hope you get it checked out as soon as possible, and get well soon.  Yes, you should go see a doctor!!! You should go see one who has an X-ray machine on site (quicker diagnosis). It may just be a sprain but, you also could've gotten a crack in the bone called a "Hairline Fracture". You'll never know what's really wrong an how much longer the healing process will take if you don't get it checked out. I've had experience with sprains, especially one on my left knee. I couldn't straighten my leg for a few weeks and was on crutches, but I still many times walked in a limp and drag sort of way. If you can't walk at all, you should get it looked at, to see if you may have cracked the bone.  Assuming you have a 28 day (regular) cycle, you'll start your period on day one, around day 14, ,you ovulate - this is when the sperm can fertilize the egg, give or take a day or two. if you're bleeding before your period is due, it could be implantation bleeding - which is when the fertilized egg (assuming conception worked) is attaching to the wall of the uterus. If it is implantation bleeding, it should be light, red or brownish in color, and only last a day or two at the longest. Implantation bleeding occurs 6 - 12 days after conception (having sex). So, going off a 28 day cycle, that's day 20 - 26. Two days later, your period would normally come, starting the cycle over with day one again.  I am having the exact same problem. Did you end up seeing a doctor or getting better?  I'm back again with a update regarding of this.. At the same time have removed all of the personal info that were in the original emails for privacy reasons and etc. Its me again because it appears that Dr. that I want only works out one of office (the one that I want and near me) via hospital site as opposed to working out of both of them. In which I'm prefer the dr/s working out of only office as opposed to drs working out of both offices.  I'm back again with a update regarding this. At the same time have removed all of the personal/office info the were in the original emails for privacy reasons and etc. Thank you for the update and taking the time to talk to my current Dr. for me. Was only just making sure that Dr. that I want to switched also worked out of both offices. In which it really doesn't bother that Dr. also works out of both offices because I already knew this is a huge practice. Now, I'm back 2nd guessing myself as to whether I should keep my current dr or go ahead with my switched to the new dr regarding your latest email to me.  I'm back again with a update regarding of this. Anyway, I contracted the practice regarding in this and in which I'm glad that I did. At the same time have removed all of the personal info that were in the original emails for privacy reasons and etc. Because the doctor that I want switched to is also going on Maternity Leave sometime in the near future. In which I was WOW what luck I'm having founding and keeping a OB/GYN over this past couple of years. Mean with maternity leaves and etc along those lines. Rather see the doctor in her early to mid pregnancy vs mid to late pregnancy and that goes for after she comes back from the maternity leave. As opposed to what I did with the previous dr. and prefer not to do it again. Tell, you the truth I have dealt with my drs. especially my OB/GYN going/being on maternity leave before. But never like the previous dr. that I had and etc.  is it new pain ? have you had it for a long time? have ever took xrays of your neck? do you have dissiness? any pain during sleep ? is it worse in the when you wake up or during the day or while sleep ?  Hard to tell since i dont knoW these terms(not being english) btw by point i mean something like a hard little circle....i can see it only when my penis is hard and it is really small so i thought i might call it a point  I would like to have an iodine loading test done, but I know of no doctors in central Georgia that know what I am talking about  one i would think dont stress as this make your blood pressure go up , two if you have an adsess for sure you need to get that checked out right away the infection from that can go into your brian and spine and cause death before you even figure out whats going on with this vein, my mother also has crohn,s ,that i wouldnt think would have anything to do with whats going on that vein is giving you pain because you have a infection in your mouth , if you having bad pain i would go right to the er , and if you think you can stick out the pain and not go to the er call your dentist cause thats gotta be fixed once it spreads in the spine they cant really help you , your brain will get infected and you will die , so please go .....  well only thing i can think of other than things like anti acids is milk drinking milk can really help .. due to the fact its a natural anti acid... also he could ahve acid reflucks , typo sry lol , for now tell him to drink the milk water even though it may seem like it would help wont and eatting to much at one time will also make it worse, i would get him to start eatting little means and drinking more milk .... and if that doesnt help him .... knock him out n take to the doctor :) ( with men thats the only way to get them to do what we want ) lol also tell him that if left untreated it can burn through the lineing of your stomach and believe me cause i have acid refluks its more painful than he would think ..... i hope this helped and i hope ur husband feels better :)  i would go back to the er , dont wait for the doctor appt. cause swelling is a bad problem he could have a knotted vien wrapped around his testicals which if left untreated can cause it to be cut out.... its common for dotors in the er to dismiss thing s not cause they dont care but at level of importnce being someone who got shot would have priority over ur son, but if is getting worse n hes in pain go back to the er .... tell them u have an appointment but ur sons in bad pain n cant wait ..... hope hes okay , n i hoped this helped  well male or female we both have the same tissues in our breasts and just like women males can create milk, i would def go to the doctor you see green stuff.... green always means infection , caused by what i dont know but your doctor should know what tests to run to help you for now i think it good to put a cold compress on it as cold kills bacteira ad should help with the pain , hope everythings okay  well it sounds like it could be sink cancer , only based on the fact you said u feel its gorwn , anything on the skin that grows or changes in shape and or color can point to that , i would go to the doctor and have it looked at , they would most likely want to do a biopsy on it to see if its cancer of not untill u can get there try to wear sunblock even if its winer uv rays are all year round.... i hope the best for u ..good luck :)  i would go to the doctor and talk about this tell the doc about what happend to you grandma , it sounds like it could be something that can really make problems ... the basics.... when a body part falls asleep as we say thats due to lack of bloodflow to that part of the body...could be that somethings stopping your bloodflow to your hands that could have been the same thing happening to your grandma... or it could be your nerves which means something in ur brain of on the way to your hands is breaking the signal , because our brains tell our bodies what to do with small electric chargers .... think if it like this you have a short in your house and your lights flicker . kinda the same idea , either way def go to your doctor for this , even more so cause your grandma is having the same problem ... it likely that this is somehow connected through geins .... hope this help and good luck  not every women feels symptoms when there prego i didnt know ... i had a person and ill never forget asked me if i was prego and i thogught surly this person it nuts cause i was 95 lbs and he had began telling me about his own daughter and the look they their eyes when their having a baby i said to myself what the heck ill take a test i was 8 weeks and didnt have a clue. i even had my peroid for 4 months , so i would take a test for one and its not uncommon to have some spot bleeding which is small amounts of blood here and there , if your trying for a child this could be what youve been trying for :) and discomfort in the tummy could be from the egg aka ur baby sticking itself to the wall of you , they say it can cause both the spotting and the pain .... hope this help and if you are prego congrats :)  thats very true i had my period for 4 months with my son and if it wasent for someone asking me if i was prego , which was kinda weird for me since i was 95 lbs , something made me take the test and i was already 8 weeks didnt have a clue !  Hi. Sorry I couldn't find the reply section and hence i am seemingly replying to my own question when I am not(i am new to webmd). I want to thank Beachbaby012 for her insights. I admit I am facing some social insecurities and am mindful that I must seek help for the same. However I still do believe that I have some problem (if not accomodative isotropia) that cause my eyes to turn exceedingly inwards. Perhaps its a partial squint of some sort(I am no eye expert). I have had a few eye exams in the past the last one being about 7 years back (yes i know...it has been that long!!!) I understand that the right course of action for me would be to visit the eye doc and will do so right away. Can I still, have someone check out my photos here to see if I am not just being paranoid Is there a way to post photos here for others to assess?  http://www.israel4u.de/  My father is actually going through a very similar scenario currently. His next options after the epidural blocks and steroid blocks is surgery. I believe his two choices for surgery is a fusion vs. removal of the bulging disc.  How is your skin? Any yellow tint? If so go to the doctor right away. You may have jaundice, which means something is affecting your liver functions.  Personally, since you are only in the pre hypertension stage, I would say start with the cardiologist recommendation. You can always go on the pills if it doesn't work. Also, do you check your blood pressure at any other time besides at the doctor? Many people's BP's go up naturally just beacuse they are at the doctor. It's called white coat syndrome. Go to your local pharmacy that has a blood pressure machine and check it there. (Make sure you sit there at least 4 minutes before taking your pressure, walking can raise it, so you need to rest first)  Of course you can get a second opinion. If you feel that your questions aren't being answered or that the treatment you are recieving isn't adaquete by all means, find a different doctor. Be sure that you check with your insurance plan though...you don't want to have a bunch of unexpected bills. Good Luck!  Most likely this is a sebaceous cyst. There are many oil glands in the genital region and the can sometimes get clogged. Oil backs up in the gland and a small movable 'bump' forms. I have gotten many of these in various sizes. My Gyno told me to apply a warm, almost hot, wash cloth to the area 3 times a day. The heat causes the oils in the gland to unclog and the bump will go away. If it gets to big or doesn't unclog, see your doctor.  It is mostly recommended that people have a complete physical once a year. Many insuance companies will even pay for a yearly physical in full because it is considered preventative medicine. Also, it is good to get yearly physical so that you are established with a doctor...then if you get a cold or have an injury, it is easier to get an appt. It also helps that a doctor has previous info on you and has something to refer to when you come in with a problem. That said, if you are young and healthy, you could probably go a couple of years without seeing a doctor and it wouldn't be the end of the world, especially if you don't have insurance, or you have very large copays. If you are over 25, I'd recommend seeing a doctor yearly. I work in a clinic and it's about this age (sometimes younger) that the doctors start checking your cholesterol. Please remember that some illnesses, such as high cholesterol, may not have symptoms right away so it would be a good idea to be proactive in knowing your numbers. For basic tests and problems, a family dr or internal medicine dr. can cover everything. It's when they don't have answers or it is a more complex problem that they will refer you to a specialist. I'd start with a regualr doctor over a specialist as it is usually cheaper. Other ages: Prostate (males) starting at around 50 Colonoscopy starting around age 50 Mamograms starting around age 40 Cholesterol starting around age 25 Glucose levels and averages should be yearly especially if you are obese of have a family history of diabetes Hope this helps!  It does sound like dehydration. Drink plenty of water and also maybe a powerade or gatorade before, during, and after excersizing. Also make sure you have 5-10 min warm up and cool down periods to give your body a chance to 'catch up'.  I'm so sorry for your loss. I can only imagine what you are going through. First off, the symptoms you are going through are natural signs of grief and are normal for most people. It's a hard time right now and you are certainly going to have feelings about it. Second, there is no time limit on these feelings. It may take awhile to start feeling like your normal self and somedays may be harder than others. As it has only been a week since your brother's passing, give yourself some time. Make sure you eat well and rest. Talk to a friend. Try to do things you enjoy. If these feelings continue to affect your daily life and you feel as though you can't function, then yes, go to your primary doctor. They can help you. (I work in a clinic, you would not be the first person to come in with an issue such as this) Good Luck to you.  Take him ASAP. I was bitten when a teenager in the bend of elbow. Had a bubble full of puss. Had to have it lanced. seeped puss for days.  It may just be that you need to change your mattress.  Taking him to the ER might be a good idea. My brother played football and never reacted like that after a bad/hard tackle, if you don't want to go to the ER at least consider a walk in clinic.  It stands for Nephrogenic Systemic Fibrosis or NSF. Now it many mean something entirely different to your doctor. Have you been diagnosed with this?  YES!!! The fact that you are asking that question and you lost consciousness it warrants a trip to the ER.  Hi You are not alone. Believe me. There are others dealing with the same issues. I had migraines for about a month. I could not eat because then I'd throw up, could not be in the light, could not even go outside. Each and everytime that I went outside, I'd throw up. The light bothered me and made my migraines worse as well as the noise and the TV. There are good meds out there on the market for that. You just have to experience with them to see which one helps you to the most. I too saw my neurologist for my migraines. he gave me a script but it did not help very much. (Those migraines are a killer). I'd cry because I could not eat or keep anything down. It did started with an aura. And mind you. I was outside waiting on the metro rail stop when this happened. I sort of had a feeling like kind of oooze. So I called my DR. and he told me to get to the nearesr ER. And they told me it was migraines. And I was just constantly throwing up left and right at the ER.  Not wanting to take medicine is one of the features of a psychotic disorder. If he stops taking risperdol he will likely have the paranoia and delusions. There are other medications he could try instead, but he may be resistant to any medicine. With no treatment he may withdraw into his own world and may not want to interact with anyone. If someone like a parent takes care of all his needs, keeps him on a schedule, and makes few demands of him, he may not get worse for a long time. But if he is under stress his symptoms may get so bad that he will get taken to an emergency room or to jail depending on where he lives. He may take street drugs as a way to cope. Best case scenario is that somebody will take care of him and monitor his medication.  no  It is never too late to start exercising. It is important that you get a professional trainer to guide you in exercising. You can start with something like Yoga which will not be too stressful along with brisk walking. Once your body adjusts to this routine you can hit the gym for light weights too.  Your age is needed to appropriately feel-out a possible diagnose. However my best guess is that you are experiencing symptoms from two or more problems. The neck and left arm pain could be a bulging disc at the C7 vertebrae,which I too have recently experienced. Chiropractor adjustments with following massages, successfully relieved the numbness and pain in my arm; the neck pain still exist, but could be related to the arthritis,which has developed from my injuries. Be careful to to seek treatment a.s.a.p. because without treatment the spine normally worsens. If you experience extreme pain, nausea can develop, but diarrhea is not related. Diarrhea could possibly come from a case of "irritable bowel syndrome" (IBS), or polyps in the colon. Change of diet will drastically improve your symptom's. "Hot flashes" normally result from the loss of the hormone estrogen. It begins to depreciate, in the body, during menopause. With your heart racing, vomiting, and fear; I'm reminded of anxiety, or "panic attacks". Deep breathing, meditation will improve anxiety. And problems with vision could be related to the spine, blood pressure, or the need for glasses because of age. If you are "middle age"; see a doctor; but get use to these type problems for your body is beginning it's shut down process. Worrying does not help, it is only making things worse for you. Get the sleep your body needs and make sure your water intake is appropriate! Sleep is very important as is water! Try to keep your spine in the natural position while sleeping. Seek out free clinics, state or government help, someone that you know may have the answer for you. Believe for yourself healing and it will come!  Sounds like thrush,definitely go see a doctor as this usually happens because of suppression of the immune system. An antifungal will clear it up if it is thrush.  go back to the hospital  Most definitely! I would see my dr. immediately,or if not,then call 911 or go to your nearest er b/c these could either be potential symptoms of a heart attack or a stroke.  You didn't mention whether you have swelling or whether the extremity feels hot to the touch, symptom of a blood clot. You may have a varicose vain if swelling, pain are not present. I would certainly check with my doctor. Better to be safe then sorry.  I broke and dislocated my pinky finger a couple of years ago and I can tell you it took a long time for the injury to heal because we use our hands for everything. But with time I am able to still use my hand and the pain is gone. Splint the finger and keep it on for a while  Doesn't sound like an ACL so much. More like either a Baker's cyst or an aneurysm. I don't know much about Baker's cysts but that's where they happen. Could also be a ganglion cyst. I've seen aneurysms though. Get it fixed. By the way, get a good doctor. Apparently the surgical approach is important. Just learned that recently, for the Baker's Cyst. Get a second opinion. The lateral approach could end with tingling down the lateral aspect of the lower leg. Small town doctor versus a big city doctor.... Just what I was told. All due respect.  Probably because 18mm is equal to 1.8 cm and 1 cm is equal to 2.54 inches. Sooooo, 1.8 cm is almost equal to 5 inches. It wouldn't be in the urinary system or it would've killed you by now. Re-read your report and get a second opinion. Calcifications are common anywhere within the human body, most are benign. But that's still a big calcification. It'd be odd if a radiologist saw a hugh calcification but didn't say where? All sounds fishy to me. Get your report and get a second opinion. You're probably alright.  It's also important to remember that itching is part of a tattoo's healing process. Intense itching, like want to scratch your arm off itching. When the old skin dies and flakes off the new skin growth itches like crazy for a few days before settling down. Cool showers and your tattoo aftercare ointment gently massaged into the tattoo will help, but all in all the itching will pass after the tattoo is healed. Allergic reaction to the ink will look more like red speckles or spots all around your tattoo, unusual oozing, puss, or smelly discharge. You will know within hours of receiving your tattoo if you are allergic to the ink. Most tattoo pigments are completely organic and allergic reactions are rare - and most often to red ink. Never put a first aid product or anti-itch lotion onto an unhealed tattoo, you will first off be in a ton of pain and subsequently ruin your tattoo. - A Tattoo Artist.  Purpura are usually smaller and more purple in color. Bruises are generally yellowish/brownish in color. With purpura, you will usually have multiple and they are raised. Hope this helps.  There's not much they will do if there are fractured ribs except maybe check that your organs are ok (and that will be a CT scan which is more expensive). If you are really concerned, you can get it checked out but you might just be sore/sprained/bruised.  Your blood pressure is low and your pulse is a little elevated. Normal BP is 120/80 and pulse is 60-100. I'd get checked out. Changes to your blood pressure will change your vision.  I'm not quite sure what the scabs are. But I can say if you go to another foam party, make sure you are well covered up. The foam gets on everyone and goes everywhere. Then spreads. So, (not trying to gross you out but its the truth), imagine that someone is wearing a dress with a thong and has a yeast infection. That infection is now going to travel throughout the rest of the dance floor and whatever it touches, it will infect. So if it touches your eye, you will have a yeast infection in your eye. So you might have caught something while you were at the foam party. But I do recommend that the next time you go to a foam party, take extreme precautions and clean yourself very well the next day (and make sure you are covered up). Hope this helps.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  I have had a similar problem. What could be happening is sudden drops in your blood pressure. There are several very dangerous conditions that could be causing this...Call your doctor immediately and if he can't get you in right away , ...GO TO THE HOSPITAL......  Don't use a razor. Purchase her a trimmer. They have pretty ones for women!  Hi... The first thing you should know is your numbers so that you will be able to know if you loss some or gain more. Then you have to know what is the problem why you gained weight. Before I do gained weight and tried everything.Laxative teas that can caused dehydration, exercise that is hard but I just got some muscle pain but still on my number. I also tried pills that made me spent my days in the hospital. But when I know my problem that I have sleep disorder and because of staying late at night and eating more in midnight I am just helping my metabolism to be slow.  Spotting is us usually just very small amounts of pink or red-blood from the vagina or uterus.Woman have normal discharges from the vagina as well but anything that is not pink or red but clear or yellow, heavy, really slimy and smelly could be a vaginal yeast infection. Usually with a yeast infection there is itching but not always.  How large is the lymph node? Any lymph node can enlarge due to any type of bacteria or virus. It could be from ear piercing, wearing earrings that are not actual gold or silver due to inclusion of nickle in the metals commonly called "German Silver" which only refers to the color not that it is Sterling Silver. A bug bite, an ear infection, any abrasions on the scalp, neck. Sometimes we don't know what causes the lymph nodes to enlarge. It should go down in a couple of weeks. It is important to note if there are any other symptoms; chronic low grade fever, night sweats and weight loss could indicate a lymphoma. This is rarely the cause but must be attended to quickly. If it remains enlarged and gets any larger without an infection nearby it is advised to see a doctor. Ice may help bring it down.  Do you have high blood presure? If so call you Dr asap  perhaps it has to do with the changes with blood pressure etc.  Your girlfriend is either money hungry or man hungry. Either way you should have a talk with her. This is not simple flirting. If she cares at all for you then she will step back and think about your feelings. How is her self respect? Is this just about money? You need to know.  I would give it a little while. Since you are walking, it isn't broken, but your feet have more tendons in them than muscle mass, you likely bruised some tendons. Internal bruising can take several months to heal. Keep off your feet as much as possible, elevation is good too.  You said you were walking around afterwards, this means nothing is broken. Internal bruising can take up to several months to heal. It sounds like the bruise made its way to the surface, hence the swelling. This is good. Keep doing what you're doing, and give it time. Avoid the doctor bill, especially with feet, there's nothing much a doc can do... even if it were broken.  hello decamp it is very normale to see one of those  it could be something called "thoracic outlet syndrome", basically, the nerves that run down your arm into your hands are compressed by either ligaments or tight muscles.. there are different conditions associated with this, such as carpal tunnel, etc. i am a current massage therapy student, we are studying these kinds of conditions..  I too battled migraines for 4 months. After several different meds that did not work I came to the realization that the one thing that had changed in my life prior too, was my cell phone. I quit using my smart phone and the migraines went away. I thought it was that particular model, so when it came time for my free upgrade I then got another smart phone only to have the same issue. It turns out that I am sensitive to what ever the method that data is sent and received in modern day smart phones. I have a dumb phone with the mobile internet that does no effect me at all. I still have the original smart phone that gave me the worst migraines and I use it to get on wifi and it does not effect me at all. Hope this helps!  My daughter caught it from her friend 5 yrs ago and it was from putting her slippers on. I never caught it tho when I rubbed the ointment on her back where it was.I immediately washed my hands tho too. I guess different people affected differently by things.  well you need to see your family physician first then she/he will refer you to whom ever they think is fit for you  if you have bumps on them..if they burn or itch it could be scabies...my husband works with homeless ppl and children services so hes all the time going in horrible places or seeing the homeless and he contracted it you can get it from just about anything and its very contagious and very hard to get rid of...i would recommend you see your family pysician.hope this helps!   I would go to the doctors office and demand a refill (because you need it, and benefit from it). Millions of people have had their insurance cancelled because of Obama. But, that should work in your favor. You're not asking for the moon. They should be able to work something out for you. If not, I am available to go to bat for you. With the bipolar meds that I take daily, I am not afraid of anything.  I would love to get an answer as well because I have been experiencing the same sensation for a few weeks. I feel it in my upper chest near my neck, face and ears. Those areas get read and blotchy and feel hot to the touch. It last a few minutes and then goes away. It burns, feels prickly and after a while slightly itchy. The burning is the worst part of it because it feels like a terrible sunburn! I sure hope we get some answer!!  this is a sign of anxiety!! you have it under control but still go and see your doctor for more elvaluation!!  You might have an insect in your ear. Clean them out with peroxide. It will tickle but it cleans them . I use it on all 4 of my children's ears.  hey, iv got a nursing degree, and also experiencing permanant weird thought patterns post drug use,but antipsychotics arent doing anything, which makes me question what has gone wrong with my mind. But for you you are definately suffering signs of schizophrenia, in my opinion these are paranoid, ie goverment is trying to find you, you have auditory and visual hallucinations ie seeing and hearing things that dont exist, plus your own language.  If the question is "Do I go to the E.R.?" the answer is yes. When it is bad enough to cause asking that question, go. It's better to go and find nothing is wrong than to not go when it is needed.  I have had this before, it was because of travelling and also stressful times this happens again. I just track and try to be stress fee.  If I were you, and it isn't a financial hardship, I would go to the doctor both to confirm whether you are pregnant or not, as well as to discuss what other possible caused could be. I know that stress or other life changes have affected me inthe past, but not for 3 weeks.  You might want to ask doctor why you are not on carafate liquid to coat and protect your ulcer, in addition. Percocet is okay, you can't take motrin or ibuprofen or NSAIDS with ulcer. Percocet has acetaminophen(tylenol) in it, but of course you should also get your doctor's advice. :-)  I am not a dr but am a cancer survivor. All cancers can cause white blood count to go up. When white count is elevated it means it's fighting an infection or disease of some kind.  Alprazolam and Xanax are the same thing. Alprazolam is just the generic form. Benzodiazapines can make you groggy, have slower reaction time, cause slurred speech, make you tired and many other side effects. Drinking alcohol with them is not a good thing to do. It exacerbates the effects of both the alcohol and Xanax. Blacking out is fairly normal when using both.It sounds like he needs to alter his behavior but sometimes when people reach a certain age they aren't as concerned as they once were. I hope that isn't the case with your father. Also keep in mind that bipolar medications can effect a lot of things. And a lot of them can be physical ailments.  I am very sorry that you that pain!  It is a shame that he had so many bypasses  just go and get any an X-ray then u can only be clear what it is  A nose swab  Showing all the classic signs or symptoms of it, I would say yes, they should have, but this is just in my own opinion. By the way, so sorry about your friend.  Eye exam. I would get eyes checked. Sounds like near sighted in left eye.  You need to go see a Rheumatologist! They do a special test, " A Touch Feel Test" You have to have so many spots to have been diagnosed w/ fibromyalgia. It took me 2 months to get in. The doctors monitor your pain w/ medications especially fpr fibromyalgia. I have just been to see one, and I definitely was diagnosed positive for fibromyalgia!! Rheumatologist specialize in this!!! Hope that this was helpful! if you need more info, let me know! Tammy  Different people, lives, and schedules = different workout times. One thing I always make sure to do is exercise BEFORE I eat a meal....Not after. Sometimes I work out in the morning, sometimes in the afternoon. This is largely based on my sleep/rest. As long as I get my own personal needs of eight hours of sleep a night I will get up and exercise early in the morning. My two big points here.... are get enough rest and exercise if possible before eating meal or make sure to put something in your body after.  I was diagnosed with HSV2 (genital herpes) last year andunless you have had intercourse or oral sex with someone who is a carrier of the herpes simplex virus (i.e. they had a cold sore or outbreak on their mouth and performed oral sex on you, or they had an outbreak of genital herpes and you had unprotected intercourse. It was at one point thought that the two virus strains would not interchange however studies are showing that one will carry to another just the same.), or are a known carrier for the herpes simplex virus either 1 or 2, it is a ridicously extreme long shot that you got genital herpes from a sunburn as there is no virus or fluid exchange involved. However if you are a carrier or have participated in sexual acts with a carrier the answer is yes you can have an outbreak of genital herpes in your upper leg area and anywhere around the genital area including your gluteus maximus (butt), and anal area as well as even going down your legs in an extreme outbreak. The best thing to do is to go to a doctor and get a proper diagnosis on the blister. I have found that just before I have an outbreak I will get some tenderness in the back of my upper leg just below my butt cheek on the side of my body that the outbreak is going to occur. This is usually followed by a few days of itching or a burning sensation where the outbreak is going to occur. The good news is that if you have contracted genital herpes there are many effective medications that you can take to control the outbreaks, unfortunately there is no cure at this time for either HSV1 or 2.  i would be worried if the pains and bruisis were big and reall painful my advice will to ask you docter :)  no  don't waste your time here in sharing it with us as this is issue related with health so just go consul an expert man  I usally wear cotton panties or go with none just to let it breathe. Just keep it dry for the most part. But when I had a really bad one last year my doctor told me a tip which was the total opposite of what I had been doing. She told me to keep a cool damp washcloth over the area while sitting on the toliet after you go and also having an ice pack on the area while laying down. It helped a lot and I hope that you are feeling better soon and maybe one of these ideas helped  My wife is also suffering yeast infection, just tried many methods. Trust me do not take any medicine from doctors, they will work but they will also do harm to your health. And try some green and healty solution, home remedies, and i wish that finally your issues will gone. source: http://gagareviews.com  At first when she told me that sex was out and kissing was out, I was devastated as I was most attracted. Since then we have cuddled and I have found another who is more participatory. Maybe this other gal is better for me. I am busy trying to find my way in a forest of goddesses, so the key is how well you can talk, especially about sex. If it avoided as a topic it may be the best indicator that it will not improve, unfortunately. Friendships are fine but they really take second place to a potential sexual and sensual partner. So the priorities shift based on what you think is happening, and the only way to judge is based on what is said. In many cases it takes risk to raise certain subjects, and once one risk is made unsuccessfully another risk is less likely and the final outcome is evident. Can't get blood from a stone. Norl sexual love from someone unwilling, tha'ts a good taboo. Find someone willing is the only way out of the dilemma.  possibly kidney infection or kidney stones idk about the ichyness  Weight Loss Free Training Go to : http://www.123loss.blogspot.com  You can't make a person do anything they don't want to do, and often merely suggesting it will harden them in their position. The best approach would be to start with "Mom, I've noticed a few of your behaviors in public that might disturb others. Has anyone said anything to you about it?" It might start a conversation, anyway. I don't know what her attitude is towards mental health professionals, but you may be facing an uphill battle here. My MIL is mentally ill (paranoia, suicide attempts) and doesn't trust doctors. She also likes to go up to strangers' tables in restaurants and start conversing with them about the food they are eating. Real problematic behavior! So I sympathize. If you can get an appointment with your Mom's doctor, that might be another route. Talk to him or her about your concerns. Maybe the doctor can recommend someone and encourage her to seek help.  Not an expert, but sounds like a deep pimple to me, I have them on my earlobes sometimes. I just recently had one on my penis, i was pretty scared it was an STI for awhile, turned out to just be a massive hard not ready to pop pimple =\  Not quite sure myself, Not an expert, but that sounds pretty serious i would see your Doc  Thank you for the answer. We went and saw a psychiatrist already. He is in depression and starting to take medication now. Just hope he will become well. I know it takes time to come out of depression and we will see through it. Thanks again NOHARD.:)  Unless you touch bodily fluid, tissue, or saliva of the animal with broken skin, like a cut or scrape of something like that, you're safe.  