The confusion is understandable and is best resolved by following your doctor's instructions. In the U.S.A., we've never become quite comfortable with the metric system. The liquid form of B12 should note how many mgs./ = ml. on the label. 1cc ='s 1 ml. ='s 1,000 mg. The gram is the metric unit used in weight while the liter is used for liquid measure. One (1.0 mg. ='s 1,000 mcg.). The typical recommended daily allowance of a B12 tablet for a healthy adult is about 2-3 mcg. daily. The normal dosage of a sublingual B12 tablet for a post surgical gastric bypass patient is 0.5 mg. A dose of 5mg. as shown in your question would seem more than adequate. To complicate things even more, B12 is available in tablets, capsules, nasally, injectable, sublingual tablets, drops, and even in patch administration. There is also a B12 complex variety. The liquid form can be found in various flavors.   A vitamin deficiency may cause an individual to feel sluggish. Vitamins taken orally may help replace nutrients not received through their daily diet. But vitamins will not provide a person with additional energy. The vitamin regimen that you are following appears to be appropriate following gastric bypass surgery. Hopefully the B12 is being taken sublingually (under the tongue) as gastric bypass patients cannot properly absorb B12 through their regular digestive system. Also, not mentioned is the amount of protein that you are ingesting each day. Your surgeon and nutritionist probably mandated about 85 grams. With all of that said, I hope that your surgery was a success and that you lost the excess weight as projected. Here are my suggestions to resolve your condition: See your family doctor to have routine blood work done and to discuss your medical history and current symptoms. Remember that you should be having blood studies conducted on a regular basis.You could have a dietary/vitamin deficiency or perhaps some other medical condition not related to vitamins and the bariatric surgery. Many physical and emotional aliments may present with having a lack of energy as a major symptom (even something like mild depression or anemia). Finally, It is wonderful that your husband is full of energy, but please do not compare yourself to him; each person is an individual. Best wishes for a happy life filled with more energy.   It is a confusing instruction that should be made clearer. I had a similar issue and received clarification from my physician. In your situation, you should take two (2) caplets once at the same time of day with food. The accepted rule is to divide the 24 hour day by the number of daily times to be taken. In your case, the label provides the instruction to take two (2) caplets daily with food. Daily is to mean one time every day take 2 caplets (your prescribed dose) 1 x every 24 hours (24/1= every 24 hours take 2 caplets).If the instruction said take 2 caplets twice per day, then you would take 2 caplets every 12 hours (24/2= every 12 hours take 2 caplets). It is the same for 3x's per day (24/3= every 8 hours take 2 caplets) and 4x's per day (24/4= every 6 hours take 2 caplets).  Vitamin B12 can be received in your diet through eating meats, eggs, milk and fish. The daily recommended daily requirement is set at 2.6 mcg. People that have a B12 deficiency may feel week, shaky, and experience mood disturbances. It is best to discuss your plan to take B12 as supplement with your doctor. B12 is generally non-toxic when taken as a supplement, but can interfere with other medications that you may be taking. The best way to take B12 as a supplement is through intramuscular injection by your doctor. Only about 10mcg. of a 500 mcg. dose taken orally is absorbed by the body.The next best form of B12 may be taken through pills that are dissolved under the tongue. If you decide on oral B12 supplementation, I recommend a dose of 1000 mcg. taken in sublingual form once per day.  Vitamin D3, comes in a very small gel cap, I would ask your doctor first, but Vit D3 is great for absorbing almost anything, I take 10,000 IU's a day, but 5,000 IU's is a normal dose, and very safe, and is good for heart, immune system, and absorbing calcium too. Plus so many other things in our body including our circulation. Hope this helped. Be well  I have had neuropathy for 11 years now. I have had six surgeries in left foot to either remove nerves, or cut them. I have also had injections into nerves to permanently kill them. Each time I was told this would help. NOT!! The best thing I have found so far unfortunately is medicine.  Remember to replace your running shoes every 300-400- miles or every 6 months. Many running related injuries are due to worn out footwear.  The biggest difference is iron levels. Premenopausal women need much more iron than men. The reason: they lose significant amounts of iron with menstrual bleeding. After menopause, men's and women's iron requirements are the same. After menopause, women also need more calcium than men to preserve bone strength. Some combination formulas designed specifically for men or women also add herbs that may have gender-specific benefits. But even among proponents of botanicals, there is controversy about whether it's wise to add them to multivitamins. Critics say the amount that can be added to a one-a-day type pill may not be enough to have any effect. So beware of paying extra for multivitamins that advertise added herbs.  Some vitamin or mineral deficiencies can cause symptoms such as fatigue, pallid-looking skin, brittle hair or fingernails, diarrhea, memory problems, and a weakened immune system. But most deficiencies have to be extreme or have to continue for a long time to cause noticeable problems. If you're worried about vitamin or mineral deficiencies, talk to your doctor. Tests are available to measure levels of key vitamins or minerals such as vitamin D, B12, or iron.  The immune system, which defends the body against disease, is made up of millions of cells that circulate through the body or reside in lymph nodes. Like all cells in the body, they require a wide spectrum of nutrients to perform at their peak. Over the years, research has pointed to key roles for nearly all nutrients, including zinc, iron, copper, selenium, and vitamins A, C, E, D, and B6. Doctors have long known that serious malnutrition can weaken the immune system, making people vulnerable to many kinds of infections. To support your immune system, focus on eating a healthy diet, with plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and unsaturated oils. You can also consider a multivitamin to help fill any nutritional gaps in your diet.  Light, moisture, and excessive heat can reduce the potency of vitamins and mineral supplements. So the best place to store supplements is in a cool, dry location -- in a kitchen pantry or a bedside table, for instance. Don't refrigerate vitamin and mineral supplements. Taking them from refrigeration to room temperature can cause condensation inside the bottle. Certain non-vitamin supplements should be refrigerated, however. Labels usually indicate when a supplement should be kept in the refrigerator. In the case of all supplements, it's always a good idea to check the expiration date.  Yes. Conditions like Crohn's disease and colitis, which cause chronic inflammation of the colon, can interfere with the absorption of certain vitamins or minerals, leading to deficiencies. People with chronic acid reflux who take certain acid blockers may end up with too little stomach acid. As a result, their digestive tracts can't absorb certain nutrients properly, possibly leading to B12 deficiency and iron-deficiency anemia. An imbalance in the friendly bacteria that help break down food can cause vitamin or mineral deficiencies. Chronic alcoholism may also lead to vitamin B and magnesium deficiencies. If you're worried that you may have a condition that affects your vitamin or mineral levels, it's wise to talk to your doctor.  This is exactly what the doctor told my wife to use when we found a lump and several cysts in her breasts. The lump and cysts went away. It took about 4 months.  I have a lot of patients who like taking their prenatal vitamins and they think that it helps their hair grow faster. There is nothing in the literature that supports this. Prenatal vitamins are really just a nice mix of vitamins that support women who are planning pregnancy. They have ingredients like folic acid that women should not be deficient in when they are planning on getting pregnant, because of certain birth defects. But there is nothing special in a prenatal vitamin or any supplement that will help grow your hair.  Vitamins and minerals are important and best natural source for growth and development of a human being. It's Vital+Amine which is a combination or mixture of multivitamins. Vitamin A, C, E, D are important vitamins to take.  A couple of years have gone by since the Center for Science in the Public Interest first filed a complaint against the parent company (Coca-Cola) that manufactures Glaceau Vitamin Water. And now the Washington-based National Consumers League has joined in by filing a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission, calling advertising and labeling claims on Vitamin Water products dangerously misleading. As if the names of the various vitamin water flavors like Revive, Focus, or Defense werent misleading enough, health claims made in advertising have ranged from supporting optimal immune function to reducing the risk of age-related eye disease. Hopefully we all know that fortifying sugar water with various vitamins and minerals isnt really going to keep us from getting sick or reduce the risk of disease. The best thing we can do for most of these health concerns is to eat a healthful diet rich in whole foods and plant foods, get plenty of rest, and wash our hands frequently. For example, Vitamin Waters Focus drink features vitamin A and lutein, according to the label on the bottle. If you want some lutein, one of the antioxidant-acting carotenoid phytochemicals that has been mentioned in research lately, just eat some dark green leafy veggies, green peppers, corn, avocados, oranges, tomatoes or parsley! And instead of drinking their Defense drink with vitamin C and zinc, just eat an orange, broccoli (and other dark leafy green veggies), brussels sprouts, berries, kiwi, cantaloupe, papaya, or mango for the vitamin C, and some lean meats, crab, nuts and whole grains for zinc. Heres what we do know about Glaceau Vitamin Water: Each 20-ounce bottle is labeled as containing 2.5 servings Crystalline fructose is the true main ingredient, accounting for about 33 grams of sugar if you drink the whole bottle. Each 20-ounce bottle totals 125 calories. The bottom line: Keep your eyes open when it comes to manufactured products making health claims, especially those fortified with nutrients. Remember that the best water to drink is still good old H20  not water pumped with 50 calories worth of sugar per eight-ounce serving.  Well, I'm no expert on this, but I doubt you messed up the drug screen. First of all, 500mL is not very much water for the kidneys to process, especially not over the course of four hours. Second, many people who take multivitamins are subjected to random drug screens. There's no evidence taking a vitamin affects the results in any way. Urine drug screening tests are quite sensitive. They will detect very small concentrations of molecules. If it were possible to skew urine drug screens simply by drinking excessive amounts of water, everyone who takes illicit drugs would beat the tests by doing just that. But you don't hear of that happening. By the way, I would never advise anyone to try drinking excessive amounts of water in order to "cheat" a urine drug screen. Drinking large quantities of water over a short period of time can be very dangerous, leading to a potentially fatal condition called "water intoxication." Wishing you well!  I'm sorry you're going through this, but it sounds like you're receiving appropriate treatment for your . In answer to your question, there is some evidence that are effective in helping treat conditions like AMD. Lutein, specifically, has been studied for its effectiveness in macular degeneration, though results are still considered inconclusive. This is simply because enough studies have not been done. If your ophthalmologist (eye doctor) has recommended you take a specific vitamin supplement for your eyes, then I suggest you follow this recommendation. If your sight is failing due to AMD, you want to take every opportunity to stop the disease in its tracks. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Let me take your second question first. You're not getting any directly from the weld flash. It's true that exposure to low levels of ultraviolet (UV) radiation, such as from sunlight, promotes Vitamin D synthesis (creation, if you will) in the skin, it's doubtful you're exposed to enough UV radiation from weld flashes to cause an overabundance of Vitamin D production. This is especially true if you're covering your skin with appropriate protective clothing. As to your first question, while it's possible you have a bone spur on your heel, the most common cause of heel pain is a condition called (PLAN-ter fash-ee-EYE-tiss). The good news is you can take steps at home to relieve your heel pain if it is, in fact, caused by plantar fasciitis. That will save you a trip to the doctor. include resting your feet, icing your heel, wearing a night splint, and more. If you're not allergic to any medications, you probably are safe to take an over-the-counter pain remedy like ibuprofen, too. If the home treatments for plantar fasciitis don't clear up your heel pain, then I'd suggest you see a medical professional. It's possible you have a strained ligament or even a stress fracture. Good luck!  If you're taking a regular, over-the-counter multivitamin supplement you probably will suffer no harm from doubling up occasionally. However, doing so won't help your cold. The is caused by a virus. There currently is no effective treatment for the common cold virus. Vitamins do not treat this virus. If vitamins could cure the common cold, none of us would ever be sick! The truth is if you eat a well-balanced diet, you should be able to obtain most of the minimum daily requirement of vitamins and minerals through food. Vitamins and minerals are important for cell functioning. If a person becomes deficient in a particular vitamin or mineral, it can cause certain conditions (such as for those deficient in Vitamin C). However, these conditions are rare in the modern world. Many people believe taking massive doses of Vitamin C or zinc at the first sign of a cold will minimize the symptoms or shorten the course of the cold. There is no scientific evidence to prove this, though. The common cold lasts from 5-10 days if you don't treat it, and about 5-10 days if you do treat it. :-) The best defense against the common cold is this: Handwashing. During cold season, wash and dry your hands frequently and avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear this elderly lady is going through this. She otherwise sounds like she's in very good shape! I suggest you start with a trip to her primary care provider. That's usually the best starting point because the PCP has all of this lady's health history and can get her on the path to see the correct specialist, if necessary. Of course, it's impossible to say what's causing this leg swelling without doing a physical examination. If I had to guess, I'd say it's probably some sort of venous stasis problem. This could also be the reason for the small ulcer on her leg. Venous stasis problems (in which blood pools in the legs) is very common in older adults. It's important to get this lady in to see her PCP as soon as possible. Those little leg ulcers can blow up into ugly sores rather quickly, so it would be wise to have it looked at. Hope this helps!  The medications that you are taking do not interact with gemfibrozil. However, if you are looking for a better schedule for taking your medications, preventing any drug interactions, I would separate out the Nexium from the group. Nexium can decrease the absorption of some vitamins and minerals, more specifically the calcium. Calcium is better absorbed in an acidic environment. Take the Nexium in the morning on an empty stomach by itself. Later, with breakfast take the multivitamin, calcium, vitamin D, fish oil, biotin and CoQ10 (at least 60 minutes later). Diltzac and Evista should be taken per frequency prescribed by your physician and may be taken with or without food.  If your ob-gyn has not recommended that you take the extra supplements, I would not take the products. Your ob-gyn has access to many lab results and is there to monitor your pregnancy. He/she knows best. Make sure you are honest and let him/her know about every medication, herb, supplement, and over-the-counter product. They should know about any drug you are taking in order to provide better care for you and your baby. Your doctor can work with you to help make supplement decisions that will not harm you or your baby.  There are indeed a variety of vitamins in any flavor of Vitamin Water. But it seems the benefits of vitamins are offset by the effects of sugar. There are 13 grams of sugar in one serving, so an entire bottle contains about 32.5 grams of sugar. In addition, Vitamin Water contains between 100 to 125 calories. In comparison, a can of Coke has 140 calories. The best thing to do is to drink regular water and get vitamins from a good source of fruits and vegetables. If you can't change your diet because of medical reasons, convenience, or availability, a wide range of vitamin supplements are available in pill or liquid form.  Never take products that are expired. We wouldnt drink milk two weeks past expiration dates. Just because the pill doesnt have an odor or appear different to the eye does not mean that it cannot have harmful effects to the body. Some medications lose the effectiveness of the intended outcome, while others can be converted to a different form that can be harmful. Every medication or product, whether it is over-the-counter or prescription medication, should be properly disposed of after it has reached its expiration date.  Taking multivitamins during pregnancy is extremely important for proper fetus growth and development. The RDA has recommended values of how much of each vitamin and mineral is recommended during pregnancy. There are many brands available on the market, as prescription strength and over-the-counter. Some are more tailored toward specific women lacking different components than others. A more expensive vitamin is not necessarily better than others. Work with your ob-gyn to help select a vitamin that will work best for you. Size and cost can play a role in the selection process, more importantly to aid in compliance. Avoid taking several different supplements. Take one multivitamin that includes a variety of necessary nutrients in one dose. Combining supplements (such as taking a folic acid supplement along with your multivitamin, etc.) can raise concerns because you run the risk of overdosing on a particular nutrient. Taking more than twice the RDA of any nutrient should be avoided during pregnancy.  Multivitamins are not stimulants; therefore, they will not keep you up at night. Being compliant is important. If it works best for you in the morning, then take it with breakfast. If bedtime works better, that is what works best for you. Believe it or not, you can actually take too many vitamins and they can build up in your body and possibly cause toxicity. This can happen especially with the "fat soluble" vitamins, which are A, D, E, and K. You definitely want to be careful and make sure that your health care provider (they may run blood work periodically) and pharmacist know everything that you are taking.  Over-the-counter vitamins usually have less folic acid than prescription prenatal vitamins. Also, depending on your lab results, your doctor may have prescribed more or less of some vitamins. So consult with your ob-gyn first. If your doctor approves, its fine to use over-the-counter vitamins. It is really important to make sure you are giving your body the right nutrients during this time of fetal growth.  Estroven and many other products contain black cohosh (an herbal supplement. plus soy isoflavones, combined with essential nutrients like calcium, folic acid, and B vitamins. Estroven products work to help reduce hot flashes, night sweats, and other menopausal symptoms. Although not an FDA-approved product, many pharmacist and health care professionals have recommended using this product. Taking Estroven along with a multivitamin is not problematic. Consult your local pharmacist if you decide to change your multivitamin or add other supplements to your routine. Smoking is not recommended under any circumstances, but it does not interfere with these medications.  I am unfamiliar with ISs-T-IBose. Ribose is an organic compound found within our bodies and the foods we eat. It is a simple sugar, or monosaccharide. D-Ribose is often marketed as a supplement for bodybuilders. Many products contain D-Ribose, promoting weight loss, appetite suppression, increased energy, and mental health support. Although there are claims being made for its weight loss properties, there have been no solid statistics to support these claims. Many of the products containing this ingredient are expensive and hard to find. It is also not FDA approved, so caution is advised with this product. If a product is difficult to find and stores do not keep it in stock, that is a sign that it isnt all that safe or effective.  While the Irexis (sindafilate citrate) name is similar to that of Viagra (sildenafil citrate), it is not comparable to Viagra. There have been no studies comparing these two products side by side. Irexis contains many herbals, plus zinc. The company claims that the product will have an effect on sexual impotence. But keep in mind, the product is not FDA approved and a number of herbals have knowninteractions with over-the-counter and prescription medications. We do not know enough about these herbals to claim that they are safe and effective. While Irexis is available without a prescri ption, and may be more affordable than Viagra, the risk of uncertainty outweighs any possible benefit.  Yes. All vitamins should have an expiration date listed on the bottle. If you think your bottle is too old, purchase a new bottle and write the date that you purchased it with a black marker on the bottle. Rule of thumb: Dont keep vitamins longer than a year.  Vitaminwater contains only a small amount of nutrients, so it will not have an adverse affect when taken with a multivitamin. Be aware, Vitaminwater contains a lot of sugar and can add to your daily caloric intake.  Believe it or not, you can actually take too many vitamins, and they can build up in your body and cause toxicity. This can happen with the "fat soluble" vitamins, which include vitamins A, D, E, and K. You definitely want to be careful with your daily dosage, and make sure that your health-care provider (they may run blood work periodically) and pharmacist know about everything you are taking.  Yes, they can. So it is very important that you always check with your health-care provider or pharmacist before taking anything new. Make sure you list any vitamins you take on your personal medication list. This list should be with you at all times, and you should show it to your pharmacist every time you pick up medication. If you have any questions about drug interactions, get to know your pharmacist. You will be glad you did!  Taking a multivitamin at bedtime is fine and should not interfere with sleep patterns.  No, normal multivitamins or iron supplements should not impact birth control pill effectiveness....  The water soluble vitamins (B vitamins, biotin, folic acid, pantothenic acid and vitamin C) are not as likely as fat-soluble vitamins to reach toxic levels. This is because excess water soluble vitamins in the body are excreted from the kidneys. There are upper consumption limits for niacin, vitamin B6, foliate, choline and vitamin C. For more information about water and fat soluble vitamins and their functions visit the WebMD article Vitamins Functions and Sources .<?xml:namespace prefix = o /><o:p></o:p>  Due to these circumstances, seek medical attention IMMEDIATELY! Go to the ER if having these symptoms.  I think, this is a great question. One of the things we learned after Hurricane Katrina is that a lot of people didn't have emergency kits available at home. Some things I would definitely recommend include a bottle of hydrogen peroxide; to help clean out any type of wounds. Maybe a triple antibiotic ointment to apply on the wounds after you have actually treated it, band aids, gauze pads, rolled gauze, so you can keep the gauze pad in place, a flashlight, extra batteries, a weather radio. Some type of fever reducer like Tylenol or acetaminophen. Maybe a Motrin type of product as well. Some Imodium or Pepto-Bismol is another item that you may want to include in there, along with some plastic latex gloves just in case something happens and you need to protect yourself. Those are some of the common items that are found in the emergency kits that are available on the stores today. I would definitely recommend checking the expiration dates. Once a year you should always go through that emergency kit, as well as your medicine cabinet, and check the expiration dates; if anything has expired, you want to make sure that you dispose of it properly. In this case, we want to make sure that people use the correct method. You want to get a Ziploc bag, and you want to take the medications and put it into the Ziploc bag. You want to take a little bit of water and you want to help it dissolve, or you can crush it with like a pot or a hammer. Then you want to take something that will make it not very appealing, like kitty litter or coffee grinds. Put that into the Ziploc bag, seal it up, and put it in the trash. That's the best way. We don't want people to flush medications anymore, this is the preferred way now to dispose of medications. But that's a good rule of thumb each year to do.  This is actually a substitution of just a different manufacturer. Endocet is a generic that's made by a particular company and they call it Endocet, because it's made by Endo Pharmaceuticals. Oxycodone is actually the chemical name and the true generic name of the products. So it's basically a different company. If a patient prefers to receive a specific company, most pharmacists will order that for them, but once again, just talk to the pharmacist and say, you know, I would prefer to have this brand. When you come into drop off your prescription, and talk to us about it. We will be more than happy to try to get you the brand that works best for you.  That is a possibility. In some cases, vitamins are recommended to be taken on an empty stomach, but it does cause sometimes heartburn or people feel that their stomach has gotten a little sour. So in that case, as a pharmacist, I recommend that they take their vitamins with food. It actually helps cushion it, help them dissolve a little bit better, and therefore they won't have that. If it gets really, really bad, the other recommendation I have is to take your vitamins at night. They will dissolve as you sleep, and therefore in the morning when you get up, you won't notice the heartburn during the day, as if you took it with your morning meal. Just great advice from the pharmacist, just come and ask us, we are more than happy to help you.  I get asked all the time as a pharmacist about vitamin supplements and other items. Come and talk to the pharmacist first. In most cases, the pharmacist is going to ask you if you are seeing a doctor or OB/GYN. Most likely, they are going to put you on a prescription vitamin. There are specific formulations made just for pregnant women. They cover a good amount of the vitamins, and also include things like iron, calcium, and folic acid. These are very important and not only for the mom. But for the baby as well and help in development of their spine and their brain, so really important that pregnant moms understand that they need to get special vitamins made just for them. Now you want to be careful and make sure that while you are taking these prenatal vitamins that you are not taking additional vitamins on top of it. You could actually take too much of certain vitamins and that may cause some problems down the road. So let your pharmacist know everything that you are taking including over-the-counter herbal and vitamins. The herbal category is an area that I would definitely avoid while you are pregnant. We just don't have any studies or data to know whether or not it's going to harm mom or baby. So better to be safe than sorry. As far as medications over-the-counters, come and ask the pharmacist. If you have certain things like an upset stomach there are some products that are available and can be used in pregnant women, but you really need to talk to us first. As far as prescription medications, there are many different products that a pregnant mom can take and by the pharmacist and physician or healthcare provider working together. We can make sure that you are on the right ones. Once again, if you have any questions, come and talk to us with the medication experts.  This is a common question that I get asked all the time, and I really would advise the patient to not take Maalox with it. Maalox can actually bind to the vitamin and will not make it work as well. It will actually prevent it from being absorbed in the body. There are a few tricks though that I recommend to my patients to help avoid this nausea feeling, and part of it is, number one. Taking it with some food around meal time, maybe dinner is a good opportunity to take your vitamins, and as long as there is something in your stomach it may actually counteract that nauseous feeling. Also I found that a lot of women take it at bedtime. I recommend it pretty consistently and they say that it really works because you take it right before you go to bed. You are sleeping, so the vitamins are dissolving and you are not awake to experience that nauseous feeling. But if you are having severe nausea, talk to your pharmacist, you may need to be switched to a different type of prenatal vitamin. I will be more than happy to call your physician or healthcare provider to talk to them about that for you.  Actually yes. Prescription vitamins are actually formulated just for pregnant women and they do contain higher amounts of certain vitamins that may not be found in over-the-counter versions especially in iron, calcium, and Folic acid. Folic acid is really important to help your baby develop, especially their spinal cord and their brains. We want to make sure that women understand that they could take the over-the-counter version but they may not be getting enough Folic acid. So once again, talk to your pharmacist if you have any questions. We may refer you back to your OB/GYN or healthcare provider to make sure that you are going with the prescription version instead of the over-the- counter.  We know about some of the vitamins and supplements. There is very limited data in this category. The FDA oversees it a little bit, but it's really not strictly overseen and there is not a lot of clinical trials. So as pharmacists we have some reference materials, there are some things called the German Commission E studies which were actually done on a variety of different vitamins, but the supplements are a little bit harder, and as more-and-more people take these and incorporate that into their daily lives, we are finding out that they may not be as safe as we thought. They may interact with medications, some of the fillers or sugars, people are getting allergic reactions to. They may cause rises in blood pressure. So we want patients to understand that they need to exercise and caution when it comes to this category, and also find out whether or not their doctor wants them to take this. I only say when a patient comes and they ask me, should I'd be taking this vitamin? I ask them if they recently had a physical, and have they had blood work to find out if they are deficient in certain vitamins and is this particular supplement necessary? They are over-the-counter, we think that they are natural, they are safer, not necessarily, but talk to your pharmacist, proceed with caution, follow the directions exactly as you are supposed to take them, and make sure that everybody knows, your pharmacists, your doctor, or healthcare provider. It should be included on your medication list as well. So if you go to any different pharmacies or any different doctors, don't know what you are taking to.  You should be OK. You want to make sure that you keep your pet's medication in a separate area from your medications, including vitamins and over-the-counter medications. Also, make sure you are familiar with what your pills look like before you swallow them. Always better to be safe than sorry.  This is an interesting question because what you may not realize is that your insomnia could be from the vitamin supplement with the herbals, so you may not need any medication at all. Did you know that ginseng can cause insomnia? This is one of the things that many people do not know, and because they are available over the counter, many forget about side effects they can cause. I would advise stopping the vitamin supplement and see how you feel. It is very important that you tell your pharmacist, doctor, or healthcare provider about vitamins and supplements because you could end up on unnecessary medications!  I would really like to ask how you feel and if this is taking care of the pain? If you are still is pain, have you spoken to your doctor or health care provider to let them know? You should not take more than what was prescribed. What we are finding out is that pain therapy has to be individualized and that is why it's important to let your doctor or health care provider know if you are still experiencing pain -- they may need to adjust your medications. It is fine to take the naproxen and Robaxin together because they work differently to treat pain.  This is usually a challenge for many pregnant women. I would advise this patient to try taking her vitamins at night before bedtime or taking them with a big meal like dinner. It is important that she is on some type of prenatal vitamin because they contain essential items like folic acid that are important to the baby's development. If this still has not worked, talk to your health care provider about other options.  Believe it or not, you can actually take too many vitamins and they can build up in your body and possibly cause toxicity. This can happen with the "fat soluble" vitamins, which are A, D, E, and K. You definitely want to be careful and make sure that your health care provider (they may run blood work periodically) and pharmacist know everything that you are taking.  Great question. No, you should not take expired vitamins. You may put yourself at risk of having some type of allergic reaction due to the fact that the medication has started to break down. We have the same recommendations for these products that we have for prescription medications. Basically you should not flush these medications anymore. The new process is simple. Get a plastic bag with a zip top and place the vitamins in the bag. Pour some water in the bag to help it dissolve and then add some coffee grinds or kitty litter to the mix. Seal the bag and throw away in the trash.  I checked and there are no issues with taking these. I highly advise carrying a personal medication list that contains all your medications, including any over the counter medications, vitamins (and specific information like One a Day with Energy because it contains other things besides just the basic multivitamin) and supplements. Show this list to all your health care providers and pharmacists you visit!  Yes, they can, so it is very important that you always check with your doctor, health care provider, or pharmacist before taking them. If they approve, make sure you list them on your personal medication list. This list should be with you at all times, and you should show it to your pharmacist every time you pick up medication. If you have any questions about drug interactions, get to know your pharmacist, you will be glad you did!  Believe it or not, you can actually take too many vitamins and they can build up in your body and possibly cause toxicity. This can happen with the "fat soluble" vitamins, which are A, D, E, and K. You definitely want to be careful and make sure that your health-care provider (they may run blood work periodically) and pharmacist know everything that you are taking.  Yes, they can, so it is very important that you always check with your doctor, health-care provider, or pharmacist before taking them. If they approve, make sure you list them on your personal medication list. This list should be with you at all times, and you should show it to your pharmacist every time you pick up medication. If you have any questions about drug interactions, get to know your pharmacist; you will be glad you did!  Also *I would occasionally have bright red almost pink on t.p , but it was never amount that I needed tampon.Never a flow it was just here and there. I have headaches, indigestion, heartburn, backaches. I took one hpt on Wednesday (today) morning , but said negative. I still have a tiny tiny amount of pink spots with brown. I also had light cramps on first after that nothing it didnt even feel like a period.  No. A regular multivitamin will not affect the absorption of birth control pills. There are no drug interactions. You should always check with your pharmacist before taking over-the-counter medications, vitamins, or supplements when you use a prescription medication. Your pharmacist would be the best person to help you avoid drug interactions.  There are no significant interactions between any vitamins and birth control pills. You can take a regular multivitamin while taking birth control pills without any problem.  It may not be necessary for you to take a multivitamin, provided your diet is well-rounded, and you dont have any nutrient deficiencies. That said, any multivitamin that provides 100% of the RDA of all the essential vitamins and minerals is best. There is no specific formula necessary. It is generally preferable to avoid a multivitamin with iron, unless you are anemic. Talk to your health care provider or pharmacist to find the best multivitamin for you.  If your husband is experiencing pain and fatigue that is new and unusual, he should be examined by his doctor to make sure everything is OK and his diabetes is being managed appropriately. A basic multivitamin is usually OK to take. ... Also, you should make sure he is eating a healthy and well-balanced diet that contains fruits and vegetables. This is the best way to get all your vitamins and minerals.  It depends on the antibiotic, and whether or not the multivitamin contains minerals like calcium, iron, or magnesium. Certain antibiotics, like tetracyclines, fluoroquinolones (Cipro and Levaquin), and Zithromax should be spaced apart from mineral supplements and antacids. Call your pharmacist, who can provide you with the correct advice for the specific antibiotic and multivitamin you are asking about.  Your father should not be taking lovastatin and pravastatin. They are in the same class of medications, and he should not need both of them. Taking both can put him at risk for adverse effects, like muscle pain and myopathy. All of his other medications look fine. But you should have him sit down and review all of his medications with his doctor and pharmacist to be sure he is using them appropriately. If you are worried about drug interactions, it is important that you only use one pharmacy to fill all of your prescriptions, so that the pharmacist can properly screen for interactions. And talk to your pharmacist. They can provide you all the information you need to use your medications safely.  Any generic or store-brand multivitamin tablet would be sufficient to ensure you are getting your recommended daily allowance of vitamins and minerals. There are various brand names available, but I usually recommend the generic versions to save money. There is no reason to spend a lot of money on a vitamin supplement.  Fruit and veggies are full of vitamins and minerals like vitamins A and C. Meat contains protein and minerals like iron and zinc. Without knowing your age and what else you are eating, it sounds like you could use a daily multivitamin with minerals if you don't eat much meat or fruit and veggies. Find one that that provides 100% of the Daily Value for most vitamins and minerals. You can also get lab work done to see if you need additional iron or vitamin D.  Yes, taking high levels of vitamin B12 can increase blood levels. Since your levels are high you can decrease it to once a week or not at all if you are getting enough from your diet. For more on testing vitamin B12,  It can only help to take a prenatal vitamin now, but the most important thing to do is to make sure you get at least 400mcg folic acid daily. You might want to check your blood levels to make sure you aren't anemic and that your vitamin D levels are normal. If they are not, it's beneficial to correct these deficiencies before becoming pregnant. For more on what to do before pregnancy, see this WebMD article.  There is no reason to wait to introduce a multivitamin as symptoms of Celiac disease usually improve in a few days to weeks, and this means absorption of nutrients increases as well. It will take longer for the intestines to completely heal and studies shows this varies from individual to individual (can take 2-5 years in adults, and some may not experience full regeneration of the intestinal villi). It's also beneficial to get lab work done to see if there any specific nutrient deficiencies such as iron, folic acid and vitamin D. In some cases, additional supplementation will be needed. Always consult your doctor. For more on diet and supplements for Celiac disease, see this WebMD article.  There is no evidence that taking extra B vitamins helps or hinders weight loss. While these vitamins play an important role in metabolism, taking extra does not rev of the metabolism.  It depends on if your child is getting some through her diet. If she is eating fish at least twice a week, she doesn't need to supplement with But if she eats no fish, then it is unlikely she is getting enough docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) which plays an important role in brain development.  Although supplement companies will claim their vitamins will help balance the evidence regarding this is lacking. First off, a lot depends on why your estrogen is low. If it is because of peri-menopause or menopause, you want to be sure you are getting enough calcium (through diet is recommended over supplements) and vitamin D for bone health, which can decrease with lower levels of estrogen.  It depends on why you are taking it. If it is for B12 deficiency, then you take vitamin B12 but with a doctor's guidance to monitor blood levels. If you are taking it for high blood levels of homocysteine or to prevent age-related macular degeneration, then you take a combination of B12, folic acid and pyridoxine. For more information on dosing, side effects and interactions, see this link.  It's most important for you to do is understand what is causing low blood platelets (called thrombocytopenia). There are different causes discussed in this WebMD article. Vitamin B12 and folic acid can help if the thrombocytopenia is specifically caused by low levels of those vitamins. I cannot find any research that shows taking certain taking vitamins will help to raise blood platelets. The best thing to do is work with your healthcare provider about tackling the cause of your condition. Good luck!  I just checked the Alive Vitamin for Women 50+ and it does not appear to have potassium added. Vitamin K is not the same thing as potassium. Potassium is usually not added to multivitamins.  Post menopausal women should not be taking prenatal vitamins because their nutritional needs are different. For example, iron needs after menopause are 8mg compared to 27mg during pregnancy. Calcium needs are higher in post menopausal women then pregnant women due to changes in bone synthesis. So make sure you take a multivitamin, or individual supplements, that match your needs. describes how nutritional needs change during the life cycle.  I see no reason why you cannot take your multivitamin and B12 but you should always share what you are taking (drugs/supplements/herbal remedies) with your doctor. more about precautions and interactions when taking Adipex-P.  While vitamin B12 is safe for most people, some individuals may experience side effects such as diarrhea and blood clots. For more about the side effects see  There is a pretty wide acceptable range of protein recommended by the Institute of Medicine from 10-35% of calories. For a 2000 calorie diet that would be 50g to 175g. For the average healthy person, high levels of protein in the diet is usually not an issue although there is some evidence that protein intake 2-3 times the recommended amount contributes to urinary calcium loss and could predispose someone to bone loss. People with renal (kidney) problems and diabetics who are at increased risk for such issues should not consume excess protein. The bigger issue is that if protein is high, fat and carbohydrate intake also change. A balance of all three macronutrients is important for good health including healthy carbs (45-65% such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains and bean/legumes and healthy fats (20-35%)such as vegetable oil, avocados, nuts and seeds. Diets that exclude entire food groups are not recommended by health professionals. Seeing a registered dietitian can help you get personalized counseling on the right amount of protein for you. For more on protein needs, see this helpful WebMD article http://www.webmd.com/diet/healthy-kitchen-11/how-much-protein  Even though the small intestine eventually adapts to the loss of the large intestine, it is possible to have a nutrient deficiency or become dehydrated. It's a good idea to take a multivitamin, drink adequate fluids and get blood work done per your gastro-intestinal (GI) doctor's recommendation. Common nutrient (vitamin and minerals) deficiencies they would check for through blood tests include iron (anemia), B vitamins like B12 and vitamin D. Be sure to check with your doctor on the type of tests you need.  Postnatal vitamins have similar nutrient levels to prenatal vitamins. But every brand is different so it's important to do your homework. This WebMD article shows you how much of certain vitamins and minerals prenatals should contain http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/prenatal-vitamins Compare this to your postnatal vitamin and check with your doctor. Many women are getting their vitamin D levels checked during pregnancy because when levels are low, they will need to take higher levels (typically more than what is in a vitamin). And prenatal vitamins don't contain all the calcium you need so you need to make sure you get enough in your diet. DHA is also recommended during pregnancy so if you aren't taking it, check with your doctor. Congrats on the pregnancy!  I think you mean micrograms (mcg) instead of milligrams (mg). If you really are taking 105mg that would equal 105,000mcg. The recommended amount of vitamin B12 for adults is 2.4mcg. But there is no upper limit set by the Institute of Medicine because no adverse effects have been found with taking excess vitamin B12. Because it is a water soluble vitamin, it's potential for toxicity is low. Most people get enough from diet unless they are vegetarians, older or have a health condition that decreases the absorption of vitamin B12. For more on proper dosing and side effects, see this WebMD page.  I don't know of any vitamins or supplements that help bradycardia. In some cases low heart is not a problem if it is due to being fit but only your doctor can tell for sure. provides more information on potential causes.   There is some evidence that certain supplements may play a role in improving memory but more science is needed. The most promising supplements are ginko biloba, omega-3 (fish oil), vitamin E, and ginseng and acetyl-L-carnitine. This WebMD article summarizes the research as well as noting precautions such as checking in with your healthcare provider. There are things you can do to help keep your memory sharp beyond supplementing including regular exercise, brain exercise (reading/keeping mind active) adequate sleep and a healthy diet.  That is a large amount to take considering the recommended amount for adults is 30 micrograms. I would check with your healthcare provider on the amounts and possible medical connections. I can find no reason to think it would cause a yeast infection. For side effects and more info see this   The Upper Intake Level (UL) for folic acid during pregnancy is 1000mcg (1mg). The UL is the highest level of daily nutrient intake that is likely to pose no risk of adverse health effects. The UL does not apply to individuals who are treated with the nutrient under medical supervision. I would talk to your doctor about the additional folic acid you are getting from you vitamin to see if that's okay. Also, a prenatal vitamin is better than a regular vitamin because it contains higher levels of key nutrients needed during pregnancy, such as iron. Congratulations on your pregnancy!  While it's impossible to say exactly how long a multivitamin is effective, understanding how different vitamins are absorbed and stored in the body can give you some idea. Generally, water soluble vitamins (B vitamins and vitamin C) aren't stored in the body. Instead, they are absorbed based on need with the remaining excesses being excreted in the urine. This is why it's important to get these vitamins on a regular basis. On the other hand, fat soluble vitamins (A, D, E and K) need fat present to be absorbed and are stored in the body for later use (fat tissue and liver). So basically, some of the vitamins are excreted daily while others are stored. For more on the difference between fat and water soluble vitamins, see this WebMD article http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-and-supplements/nutrition-vitamins-11/fat-water-nutrient?page=1   Low platelets, also called thrombocytopenia, happen for a variety of reasons such as certain diseases and medications. The way to correct it is to treat the reason it is occurring by working with your doctor. In some cases, deficiencies of vitamin B12 and folate can be the cause so supplements may be recommended. There is no one diet, or specific foods, that has been shown to increase platelets. For more on thrombocytopenia, see this WebMD article.   WebMD has a list of supplements that may help with blood pressure including calcium, coenzyme Q, fish oil and garlic. But research shows that the most effective steps people can take to improve blood pressure are lowering sodium in the diet, increasing potassium (in food not supplements), participating regular physical activity and maintaining a healthy weight. By replacing processed foods, canned items, frozen meals and cured meats with more fresh fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low fat dairy and lean proteins, you will be well on your way to lowering your blood pressure. For more on diet see WebMD's High Blood Pressure Diet. Remember to stay in contact with your healthcare provider who might recommend medications as well.  It's best to discuss medication side effects with your doctor but there are some lifestyle changes you can make to feel better and increase energy, but it's usually does not have to do with taking supplements or stimulants. Regular exercise can certainly increase energy and help with depressive symptoms. Going for a walk, slowly increasing cardiovascular exercise, yoga or doing anything active you enjoy (riding a bike, dancing etc.) can all help. See this article for more suggestions. Next you want to take a look at your diet moving to more whole foods over processed items. Eating a well balanced diet can help manage energy levels throughout the day. Include 4-5 food groups (lean protein, dairy, fruit, vegetable and whole grain) at main meals and 2-3 food groups at snacks. For example, breakfast might be oatmeal topped with fruit and nuts and milk. A snack might be yogurt with fruit and lunch half a tuna sandwich with a big salad and bean soup. See this article for more details on diet and supplements that may help. You may not be able to completely remove all the side effects of medication but eating healthy and exercising can definitely help!  There could be a few different reasons why you bloat. Here are some ideas: Too much sodium can cause water retention that makes you feel bloated. Check the sodium of the meals you are consuming. Eating quickly (and too much) can also cause abdominal distention. Fat or rich foods that take longer to digest can increase bloating. It could be due to a lack of healthy bacteria in your gastro-intestinal tracts. Try adding fermented foods like yogurt and kefir or even a probiotic to see if it helps. There are certain foods that may be making you feel bloated. See this WebMD article for more of the details. If the bloating causes you problems, and isn't helped by any dietary changes, you should see your healthcare provider to rule out any medical causes. Best of luck to you!  That depends on their diet. Most kids need supplemental vitamin D because it not found naturally in many foods and the sun is not reliable.   You son is not done growing by a long shot. In fact, his major growth spurt (puberty) has probably just started which is later than girls, but lasts longer. While girls are typically done growing around 16-18 years, boys don't stop growing until 18-20 years of age, two years later. Boys can grow up to 4 inches a year during this time! Muscle growth is dependent on increases in testosterone and the beginning of puberty, and that can vary from child to child. As for nutrition, provide your son with regular meals and snacks and allow him to eat to his appetite. Include lean protein sources, fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low fat dairy and healthy fats and nutrition-poor foods in moderation. If he is erratic with his eating, a multivitamin can help. If you are concerned about his height, or any underlying medical issues, see his pediatrician but try not to make a big deal of it. If everything is okay from a health standpoint, he will grow the way nature intended. He may just be a late bloomer!  Most multivitamins contain vitamin A because they provide all the vitamins recommended. You may not need to take a multivitamin if you eat right and consume fortified foods. In fact, research hasn't shown that multivitamins protect against chronic disease, and in some cases can lead to excesses of certain nutrients due to fortifcation and enrichment of food. Most people fall short on vitamin D and calcium, so you can take those separately. Potassium is another shortfall nutrient but it isn't in multis and can be increased with eating more produce (fruits and vegetables). Women capable of becoming pregnant should take daily folic acid. Older individuals may need additional vitamin B12 due to decreased absorption. I recommend seeing a registered dietitian to discover which nutrients you are lacking and developing a plan for getting those nutrients from food and/or supplements. To find an RD go to eatright.org.  I can see no reason why you couldn't take vitamins with diverticulitis unless your doctor doesn't want you to take pills during an inflammation phase. If that's the case, you can take chewables or liquid form until you are able to take whole pills again.  Several vitamin deficiency states may directly or indirectly lead to muscle cramps. These include deficiencies of thiamine (B1), pantothenic acid (B5), and pyridoxine (B6). The role of deficiency of these vitamins in causing cramps is unknown.  The upper safe limit for vitamin A is 10,000 IUs, which you're already taking unless you're taking vitamin A for a specific medical reason recommended by your doctor. If not, then you should not take more vitamin A on top of this. Taking too much can be harmful can cause dizziness, nausea, headaches and can even cause very seriou side effects. Beta carotene is also a form of vitamin A, so again, I would not take it if you're already taking 10,000 IUs of vitamin A.  You can take them together. Keep in mind that most multivitamins have 400 mcg of folic acid already. Studies showing a benefit to taking folic acid have generally used the amount in a multivitamin.  Hi, But clear is best, green means you ill. Good Luck  Hi Here is a very interesting link, it covers far more than I could think of, its a good one from Harvard Clinic. The Link, http://www.health.harvard.edu/healthbeat/9-things-that-can-undermine-your-vitamin-d-level I do hope this answers your question. Good Luck  Hi They should just be the same as your taken now, but when you go, will they be going in a house move box, if so they should get through ok, but if in hand luggage they may get picked out if your picked out for a search. Have fun. Good Luck  Hi They will help, add in some DHEA and Tribulus, But its beast you read up about both before you try them, but they both work along the same lines, in that they will boost your testosterone, lift your libido, and kick up your energy levels. Now you can add in some cayenne pepper, garlic, and you should be on the right track for getting over your ED, but it takes a herbal mix, never just one herb to give you help, google NOHARDS HERB LIST WITH LINKS, this way you wont have to search foe linked info. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi If you took your multi in the morning and your super B after your last meal you should be OK, the body cant store B so by splitting you just keeping up your B's. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Go have a look on www.earthclinic.com amongst there posters you should find lots of help for the natural way of helping your problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, First go to www.cayennepepper.info on here your see how CP can clear away plaque from your blood, do this and your half way there. Then google this, natural ways out of high cholesterol, your find lots of info and ways you can do it. Also www.spacdoc.com here you can see how you need to be off statins, and if I'm right help as well, lots of info. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi If your looking for natural ways for both, go to .www.earthclinic.com You should find the answers your looking for on there. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try Reading up about Cayenne or cayennepepper, google it like that, then put cayenne and cholesterol in the search box, You can also look up Parsley for cholesterol, and your find if you mix Parsley and Garlic together, then you now have another way, these are 3 things I know of as I take all 3 and have read the facts about all 3 and just what they can do. Good Luck  Hi just google this, anti shingle vitamins, lots to read, lots you could take. Also go have a look on www.earthclinic.com under shingles, lots of ideas of stuff you can take. But from what your saying it may have beaten you to the line. Good Luck  Hi Here's a bit from WebMD that may help you find just what you looking for, google this, http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-and-supplements/lifestyle-guide-11/diet-weight-loss-supplements Or Google Vitamin that will help me lose weight, lots to read should give you some ideas, but just stick to vitamins or herbs, don't go for a company's mix's your find there very expensive, to just a mix of vitamins and herbs, some your find are really cheap to buy, Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, And no there probably an extreme upper limit, on what we can take but your no where near that, I have 7 first thing each morning for ED vits just before breaky's which is 5 more 2 at lunch and 5 after dinner 67 this year, do think they keep you healthy, so your OK Have a look at this link, give it a good read through and Ted's answers, Ted is earth clinic. http://www.earthclinic.com/cures/acne.html Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. But try getting a blood test done for your hormones and vitamin D, but you could ad A to your list. Also google vitamins for acne. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi here are some sites that may help put your finger on your problem. http://www.webmd.com/women/guide/why-so-tired-10-causes-fatigue?page=2 http://www.mayoclinic.org/symptoms/fatigue/basics/causes/sym-20050894 http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2009/09/05/most-common-cause-of-fatigue-that-is-missed-or-misdiagnosed-by-doctors.aspx OK some things look the same, but they do differ in some ways. Any links you cant link to just copy into google. Do hope it helps. Good Luck  Hi Go have a look or www.earthclinic.com look under T for tinnitus your find some ideas there. Good Luck  Hi I suggest you just google your question, your find lots of different things you can try, the best thing is have a good read, and work out a plan for the health of your gallbladder. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi A good B is brewers yeast, covers all the Bs in one go, you may need to go on HRT if they take your ovaries out, if not you wont need them. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi As you just sat 27, but what 27 is that, so have put a link below which should help you find the missing link. http://www.justanswer.com/health/0p1lp-blood-test-showed-iron-level.html Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. Your heavy periods could be regulated if you was on the right BC Pill, I would see you doctor on that part. But your level could be ok if its the right one. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, I think it would be best to see her doctor, start at the right place and go from there. Good Luck  Hi As its lower back and you have yellow urine, could be your kidney, I would if I was you, go and see your doctor ASAP, if not get to an ER if your really worried. Good Luck  Hi you can either do that or just split them to half in the morning and the rest just after your last evening meal. Good Luck  Hi You could try warm sea salt baths, twice a day, google bv and sea salt for more info. Or you could try borax acid capsules see your chemist and ask for them, again google bv and borax acid for more info, these you insert into your vagina. These are two ways that might help you. Good Luck  Hi I do know your problem, but its best you just live with it I do, even get very bad night sweats, that you could float me out of the bed with. I don't think there is much you can do. Good Luck  Hi Have a look on www.earthclinic, look under ailments and take it from there for menopause and thyroid. For your skin and hair if you get on the hormones your losing things should return to normal, but you could have a read up about (DHEA for women) Just google that last bit. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Look its no big thing to miss a moth at your age, if you miss two then get to your doctor, but for now I think now do not worry, but as you say could just be down to stress. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Prenatal are for when you get pregnant. But getting pregnant is all down to timing, timing works like this with your cycle, day 1 is the first day of your period, Around day 14 is ovulation day, or the day your egg drops in to your womb, so you need to have unprotected sex around 5 days before this, it takes male sperm 3 days to reach your womb, they can then live in there for up to 10 days max, , so by having sex when I said, there waiting for your egg, if this works you should get impletion spotting around day 21, if this carries on and you miss your period you then do a test HPT or get a test done at your doctors, if positive you can then take your prenatal vit's . Do hope this helps you. Good Luck PS Try not having sex to often, other wise the sperm will be immature, and this will not get you pregnant.  Hi Probable its because you were on some good vits if you look the bottle/packet if you still have it, and your see what was in them. But here's a list that may help, ok there's zinc, iron, vitamin B,s, C, D and Folate, beta carotene for vitamin A, Sulphur, and Omga-3, these should bring your hair back to full glory. Good Luck  Hi Found you this it should cover most of what you want, please read through then look under Lose Weight, click on it, you need to look under Healthy Diet Supplement Details. The link, http://www.healingnaturallybybee.com/weight/supp9.php Just copy this link into google to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi, High testosterone can give the same things low testosterone can give, but that is if, his high is over the top, the thing would be to check his results against a testosterone list. Now being over the top would give him ED problems, if he's not getting any of these problems, just leave it for now, they should just settle back on there own. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, For you I did a short research, and come with this link for you, its a bit more than just vits as you will, see. Please enjoy. Good Luck http://www.endo-resolved.com/diet.html  Hi Yes there is Cayenne Pepper, but first go have a good read up about it you can google cayenne pepper for arthritis yo0ur find lots of info, or you can just google www.cayennepepper.info , lots of info to read. I take CP each day, I keep a 10 oz jar in the fridge, I do a mix of CP with tomato paste, and thin it down with olive oil, at first you mix it to a heat that suits you, over time you can build it up, you take 3 tea spoonful's each morning, wash each one down with water, to add ton this you can take very fine chopped garlic, this is very good for your blood and will help you, you add a spoonful of this on the top of the CP mix, just mix into the top layer that your going to take. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Try this list. Vitamin E Magnesium Fruits, Vegetables and Herbs Containing Salicylates Herbs and spices high in salicylates include: Curry powder Cayenne pepper Ginger Paprika Thyme Cinnamon Dill Oregano Turmeric Licorice Peppermint Fruits high in salicylates include Raisins Prunes Cherries Cranberries Blueberries Grapes Strawberries Tangerines Oranges Other substances high in salicylates: Chewing gum Honey Peppermints Vinegar Wine Cider Garlic and Onions Ginko Bilboba warfarin (Coumadin). Boric acid Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Not quite sure here is it one or both? sounds like it could be what we call in England policeman's heel, see your doctor, and if so you will need cortisone injection, and this ahs to be in the sole of your foot, its a bit like standing on a drawing pin, but you have to wait for the doctor to pull it out, ouch, had it done on both of mine at times. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi No they show you are on a high fibre diet, you always get floater by doing that. Good Luck  Hi Me being a great believer in vits and supplements but have a look at this link from WebMD, but your problem is that you already have a cold, so you best thing for now is to let it run its course. The link http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/features/four-natural-cold-remedies-do-they-work But try this, they say starve a fever and feed a cold, yes, so I'm a big lover of cheese and onion sandwich's when I have a cold, I eat these 3 times a day the first for breakfast, the second at lunch, and the real killer 30 minutes before bed, now you back this up by adding sliced garlic, gives it that final kick, the cheese is mature cheddar and keep the onion thick, if its a good onion it should hurt you eyes when you bits into it, then you know its doing you good. OK the down fall is you will not be very friendly with anybody? you will pass wind the is of onion and garlic, your will breath the same way and like me friendly you will not be, but just try it for 3 days, bet it makes you feel good. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi I would go seek a paediatricians help first, before you go stuffing vitamins down his throat. You need to be very inventive when feeding a child, if they love one food, you just need to add things to it, or tell them that's what there eating, kid a kid. But they will do this, your be surprized how well they do, do on not eating such a big variety. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi This link below should cover most of your needs, you could also try taken garlic its very good for getting rid of the night biters, try putting some crushed garlic over your bed each night, found this works at times, along with what you find in this link. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2003/06/07/mosquito-bites.aspx Just google this link to open and read. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi One way round your dryness would be lubrication, there's so much on the market and at your local super market as well, there's water based, silicon based, there's almond oil, coconut oil , but extra virgin, and it your body can tan it baby oil and olive oil. If you have a look round your chemist/drug store you should find vits for being on the menopause, and from your doctor HRT (hormone replacement therapy). Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  This could be anemia, which means you dont get enough iron. Try to ramp up your intake of leafy greens like spinach and broccoli and also protein sources like chicken and steak. Or you can talk to your doctor to prescribe you iron tablets.  Taking Biotin while using Zoloft and the Nuvaring should not cause any problems. There is always the potential for drug interactions, so you should always ask your doctor before starting new medicines or supplements.  Sure is! My doctor actually recommended it because the vitamins are so good for you and if you're TTC it's crucial for the baby to have every nutrient it needs for the first trimester especially. :) Good Luck TTC! *~Baby Dust~*  get a girl friend...  According to DR. Weil,from his book Spontaneous Happiness, and from the time he was on the DR. OZ show,he recommends the following supplements for depression.Google Dr. Oz Show with Dr. Weil on Depression for more info.  Vitamin D deficiency has been shown to cause weight gain.  Fillers should not be thought of as a substitute for surgery. A patient who needs a face and neck lift will have sagginess around the jowls and jaw line and a hanging neck. None of that can be improved with fillers. While surgery may be appropriate to help tighten the mid and lower face, it does that only to a limited degree. Overaggressive surgical treatment will result in that terrible windblown, overdrawn, I-was-strapped-to-a-747? look. And, that result is very difficult to undo. As fillers are not a substitute for surgery, the reverse is true as well. Surgery cant take the place of fillers. But, we need to be realistic about what non-surgical techniques such as fillers, whether they be permanent or semi-permanent, can do with respect to improving the entire appearance. Remember, the neck and the eyes are the areas that are the tipoffs to aging. And while fillers, such as Restylane, Juvederm, Hydrelle, Perlane, Zyderm, Zyplast, CosmoDerm, CosmoPlast, Sculptra, Radiesse and even fat and liquid silicone, can do great things around the face and I certainly endorse them, they dont answer the problem of the jowls, the saggy neck, the hanging platysma edges, the double chin and upper neck and jaw fat. Only surgery is the salvation there. Experienced cosmetic plastic surgeons will guide you as to the best choices or combination of treatment. As Ive said many a time, one shoe does not fit all.  Vitamins do not prevent boils. These are skin infection, usually Staph. You should see your medical provider for a proper treatment regime.  You need to find out what this "something" really is, so you need to see your medical provider or a proctologist for a proper examination. It could be an internal hemorrhoid, but this would need to be confirmed. I could also be a rectal prolapse (part of your rectum coming out and going back in). Incidentally, hemorrhoid creams do not "cure" hemorrhoids, they just reduce some inflammation....they are still there. You are having pain, and you are getting worse, according to your posting. At what point to you seek medical care? My advice would be for you to make an appointment.  You need to address this issue with your medical provider-- someone who knows your hemoglobin and serum iron levels. Ferrous gluconate does offer some available iron, just like ferrous sulfate, but I do not know the milligrams in either one of those, or if the dosage is appropriate for your level of iron-deficiency anemia. It is not just your iron dosage, but your ability to BIND this iron and use it (iron-binding capacity). Your doctor can check this by a blood test.  It can be very difficult for a person who is addicted to opiates to stop....this is why it is called an addiction. Personally, I feel that it would be best for you to enter a drug detoxification program. Most insurance companies DO pay for this, but you have to get a referral from your primary care provider. Many areas also have drug programs that are free, so do your homework and get the help that you are requesting and desperately need.  Vitamins really have no therapeutic value in the overall management of bipolar disorder. You can take them if you want, or if you feel you need them, but do not expect therapeutic benefits.  As far as I know, there are no herbs or vitamins that will control or cure RLS (restless leg syndrome). You may hear some claims, but nothing over-the-counter has been scientifcally proven to work. There are prescription medications, however.....  Any multivitamin is fine. Some are formulated just for teenagers. A health food store can help you select one. The issue is not just vitamins but basic NUTRITION. Many teenagers and pre-teens dabble with becoming vegetarians, but have absolutely no idea on how to do it, nor do they have a knowledge of general nutrition. Make them attend a class on vegetarian lifestyle. Also, watch their weight carefully. Weight loss or obsession with weight can signal an eating disorder.  B12 does have some beneficial effect with shingles, but it will not cure or make the infection any less severe. There are other anti-viral medications that are more helpful, but you can certainly add B12 if you want.  Lay off for a few days and I am sure your volume will return. Most ejaculate is semen (not sperm), created in the prostate gland. Twice a day can be a bit much for this overworked gland to recover. If you are still having burning, you will need to see your medical provider, but as a man, it is not very likely that you have a UTI...but you could have prostatitis. This is just a guess, however, since making that call requires an examination. Your cold has nothing to do with this issue.  If the primary cause of your lower sperm count was the varicocele, then it should improve over time....but it will take longer than just ten days. You may need to wait a month or more. Assuming you are working with a fertility specialist, there are ways to concentrate lower sperm counts and do artificial insemination if it comes down to that. Be patients...things may improve, but at this point, there may be little that you can do other than "wait and see".  Sure....mutivitamins are multivitamins. A prenatal vitamin has just be formulated to provide certain nutrients when a women is pregnant or nursing. You can do a side-by-side comparison of the ingredients at the store and you will see the subtle differences. You can certainly take them.  The only person that could answer that question would be a fertility specialist who is working with BOTH of you -- someone who knows your husband's sperm count/motility, and someone who knows if you are ovulating properly. Testosterone may not insure fertility and vitamins will do little to influence your ability as a couple to conceive.  It would not be possible for me to diagnose your daughter over the Internet, based solely on the information in your brief posting. There can be dozens of reasons, but it is going to take a detailed medical history, a careful examination, and perhaps, a few diagnostic tests (blood tests) in order to narrow down the many possibilities. This is your first step.....  Sure. Those are good vitamins, with a few extra things particularly for pregnancy, but you can take them if you are not pregnant.  Why would you do this? It will not make you twice as healthy or make your baby twice as healthy. Just take the dosage that is recommended by your OB. You don't need to double it. Too much of certain vitamins like A or D (the fat-soluble ones) can be unhealthy (but it is not likely that a double dose of prenatal vitamins would be at this toxic level), and excessive minerals can challenge our liver and kidneys. The body does not store vitamins, so any excess amounts of most vitamins would likely be urinated away. Don't waste your money or take the risk. Allow your OB to make these decisions for you during your pregnancy.  No, multivitamins will NOT cause acne. The most common cause of acne is your own hormones.  I can't tell you if these are warts or not....your description is not the same as a first-hand examination. They could be common warts or even molluscum, but I would need to see it. Since I cannot, you need to see her medical provider for a definitive diagnosis and recommend treatment. Warts (if these are warts) are caused by human papilloma viruses, not vitamin deficiency. Giving her vitamins will not help.  You may have been experiencing a "niacin flush" from taking a bit more niacin than your body could process.  Babies under three months of age have very little beneficial bacteria in their colon. Consequently, they will often be very, very gassy (impressive, in fact), as well as fussy. It is not your prenatal vitamins. This tends to miraculously improve after three months of age, so keep using those gas drops and hang in there !  Yes, if you want to make sure your chiropractor makes lots of money. There are no difference per se between the vitamins that you buy in a health food store, or the one's that are privately-labled and sold by your chiropractor for higher costs. I have to tell you that in most cases, vitamin supplements are not even necessary and are not therapeutic, unless you have a demonstarted, specific vitamin deficiency (rare in the U.S.).  You can take prenatal vitamins anytime during the day. Vitamins will not influence your ability to lose weight or increase your chances of pregnancy, however, but a healthy lifestyle will be ver beneficial.  No...prenatal vitamins will not hurt you. You can just buy them over-the-counter if you want. Some insurance companies may not pay for them unless there is a medical reason (like pregnancy).  No, multivitamins do not cause yeast infections.  Prenatal vitamins are fine to take, even if you are not pregnant (or wanting to be). Vitamins are not a substitute for good nutrition and regular exercise, so please do this as well. You didn't mention the name of the "stomach med" you were taking so I don't know how to advise you for that part of your question, but if you are not going to attempt to conceive until next year, you can problem keep taking the stomach medication until that time. Ask your doctor for specific advice.  In my opinion....No. Eczema is genetically-dry skin; a condition, not a disease. It is very treatable, but not curable. My medical treatments involve three steps: 1. Reducing the inflammation using topical steroids. 2. Reducing the itching by taking oral antihistamines. 3. Providing moisturization to the skin. There are a variety of "natural" moisturizers, like oatmeal-containing Aveeno or products with vitamin E, if you choose. Just find one that you like.  No...your menstrual cycle messed up all by itself. The vitamins are not responsible.  There is no correlation between milk intake and the formation of scoliosis in adolescence. The nutrients in milk (calcium. phosphorus, etc.) are very important for bone health, but not drinking milk would not cause scoliosis. Many people are lacose-intolerant and do not ever drink milk, and there rates of scoliosis are no higher. Scoliosis can just happen.... As a young woman, she needs calcium, for instance, but there are other sources of this essential element in vegetables. Of course, she may not eat those either. Give her that One-A-Day vitamin but she may need an addional mineral supplement as well.  Show it to a pharmacist. Many will be able to identify it immediately, if it is a common prescription pill. If it is a generic or a vitamin, maybe not. There are drug identification sites on the Internet, but without a number or imprint to go on, a blue-oblong pill could be anything.  Smoking destroys lives......and Vitamin C will not help you. http://www.webmd.com/smoking-cessation/news/20000523/extra-vitamin-c-no-benefit-to-smokers  I hate to break the news to you, but vitamin B will not create "extra energy" in someone who is not vitamin B deficient (like pernicious anemia). The body stores very little nutrients from mulitple vitamins, and will eliminate them if not needed. Most vitamins and minerals are obtained from our diet. It is okay to take a multi-vitamin if your diet is not very good. Any person who is "weak" or tired, should be carefully examined by their medical provider to find out why. Just taking vitamins may not solve this problem.  Yes.  yes. It may be that your allergic to one of the minerals alone, or a combination. I was just unable to take any kind of pills while pregnant (in all 5 pregnancies) talk to your OB- GYN or midwife for more Advice on what to do  They most definitely will. I think it has to do with the Biotin in my multivitamin. Before my multivitamin I started taking Biotin to think it would make my hair and nails longer and my face glow.. Boy was I wrong! I've never had such bad acne in my life - to the point of cystic acne! It was embarrassing and painful! Happy to say that as soon as I stopped taking it my face returned to normal, and I was never so pleased with my own skin before! A couple months later (I completely forgot about the biotin incident) my mother mentioned how I should take a multivitamin since i'm a vegetarian and don't get all the nutrients I need... So silly me - "yeah sure mom grab a bottle for me! It'll be great!" I didn't even look at the label and about 2-3 weeks into taking half a pill every-other day I started to break out like crazy on the left side of my face, mostly my cheek. At first I thought it was due to stress, but no way  No you have nothing to worry about. Just start taking them now.  Teeth need to be replaced for several reasons. To prevent surrounding teeth from tipping, to prevent opposing teeth from extruding, for protecting the integrity of your occlusion or bite. It also helps to keep the missing tooth as a one-tooth-problem. If you feel that you do not want an implant, there are other options such as bridges and removable dentures. There is also the aesthetic reason, if the missing tooth is visible. And you also want to preserve the chewing efficiency of your mouth.  Theoretically, yes. But I believe it may be better to do the bone graft at the time of extraction. Ask your dentist if there are any payment arrangement options that you can use to help you pay for the treatment you need.  Masacara should be kept no longer than three months after opening. After three months, bacteria can begin to grow inside the tube; this growth of bacteria can lead to an infection. A strange or foul odor from your tube of mascara is another sign that your tube has expired. If you notice that your mascara appears flakey or is caking up, discard of it. You should also replace your mascara if you contract any type of eye infection; such as, conjunctivitis (pink eye). This will prevent you from becoming reinfected. It is also not a good to share your mascara with others. If you suspect that you are having a bad reaction after you have applied your mascara, please remove the mascara, discard of the tube and consult your physician.  Any time you have an eye infection, it is a good idea to replace things like mascara that cannot be disinfected. (Mascara should be replaced every six months at any rate.) Your eyeliner can be disinfected by sharpening well past the point you used when you were undergoing the infection. Most other eye makeup can be disinfected, check your pharmacy section to see what they have available. Under no circumstances should you share this kind of makeup. ...  take a multivitamin and calcium  Hi, Please seek medical attention immediately. Without knowing the age of your child and the amount of actual ingredients ingested, no one can fully assist you through the internet. You and your child need to seek a medical professionals attention. Please take care of you both.  Its not a bad idea to encourage your children to eat foods that are rich in vitamin C or take vitamin C supplements when they have a cold. This could help resolve symptoms more quickly, says Elizabeth Shepard, MD, clinical associate professor of pediatrics, Lucile Packard Childrens Hospital and Stanford University School of Medicine, Palo Alto, Calif. Oranges, broccoli, strawberries, and bell peppers are loaded with vitamin C. Follow dosing instruction on vitamin labels carefully. There have been some concerns about the use of intranasal zinc in children. The FDA recently advised consumers -- including kids -- to stop using Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Gel, Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Swabs, and Zicam Cold Remedy Swabs, Kids Size (a discontinued product) because they are associated with the loss of sense of smell. Check with your health care provider or pharmacist before giving your child any supplements or vitamins to find out if they are safe and effective.  You should take your prenatal vitamins if you can reasonably. But if you insist, you can get vitamins from green leafy vegetables like spinach. You also get some essential nutrients from milk, eggs, and corn starch. And I'm guessing that you might need fatty foods such as Oreos, peanut butter, and cream cheese. I wouldn't suggest fatty foods for most people, but you have a developing brain to construct. Don't go overboard on the fat; it's only healthy up to a point.  Vitamin A: According to the Mayo Clinic, vitamin A is responsible for cellular growth. This is one reason why topical vitamin A, in the form of retinoid, is popular as a moisturizer. The enhanced cellular turnover leads to younger looking skin. Vitamin A is a fat-soluble vitamin considered safe to supplement. Vitamins B5 and B6: Vitamins B5, also known as pantothenic acid, and B6, or pyridoxine, are part of the group of B vitamins known as B complex vitamins. These vitamins are vital for the development and maintenance of healthy eyes, skin and hair according to the University of Maryland Medical Center. Vitamins B5 and B6 are considered safe to supplement, however, the entire B range of vitamins work together, so it makes sense to choose a complete B complex supplement, to avoid changing the ratios of the different B vitamins in the body. Vitamin C: Vitamin C is important in many functions of the body, including the development of collagen, a key component of skin. Vitamin C supplementation is generally safe, even in high doses; however, according to the National Institutes of Health, vitamin C can interact with a variety of medications. If you regularly take any prescription or over-the-counter medications, speak with your doctor before supplementing with vitamin C. Vitamin E: Vitamin E is not only a vitamin, but also an antioxidant. It may reduce the damage of free radicals to certain systems of the body, including the skin. Like vitamin A, vitamin E is common in topical skin creams. According to the American Dietetic Association, vitamin E is one of the vitamins that Americans typically do not get enough of in their diet. They recommend 15mg a day of vitamin E, an amount not typically found in the average diet. http://www.livestrong.com/article/23335-vitamins-keep-skin-clear/  I found this really cool chart that shows you what's typical:  eating too much fatty foods  what are the side affects  Vitamins are not regulated like perscriptions. I would advise against taking vitamins as a substitute for blood thinners. Vitamin K IS a known to thin blood, however it does not necessarly absorb like a prescription blood thinner. I would not take the chance.  Blood cells contain hemoglobin which carries oxygen. When blood breaks down, iron is released and causes a metallic taste in mouth. Bleeding can be from the gums, sinuses or nose.  Can't help you with both questions, but my husband was often asked if he was on blood thinners because of so many bruises on arms and hands. He was NOT on any thinners, but 4 years later he was diagnosis with Myleodisplastic Syndrom (MDS) which is a disease of the bone marrow where the platelets, and red & white blood cells are produced. Because he is in his 70's, there is no chance of getting a bone marrow transplant. You might recall a co-host (Robin Roberts) on Good Morning America (ABC) was lucky enough that her sister was an ideal match. I just wished that some doctor had looked into my husband's problem of the vast amount of skin bruises years ago. After 10 months, Robin rejoined her show and looks great. Perhaps you're not old enough for this to apply to you, but keep in mind if you have older relatives who bruise for no apparent reason.  I am in no way a medical professional, merely another peripheral neuropathy (PN) sufferer. However, if it were me, I would discontinue your diet, return to a more balanced moderate meal plan, and see if your symptoms disappear. (It could well be that this unnatural diet is somehow causing these symptoms.) I suspect that your symptoms have nothing to do with a vitamin deficiency. Good luck!  cayenne or cappssaion should help.  Vitamin E  More than likely fungus. Check with your doctor or pharmacist for a good anti-fungul treatment.  are methadone and hydrocodone opiate drugs?  yes  Yes  My boyfriend's grandmother will tell you her hair used to be very thin and brittle. Now her hairdresser wants to know what this lady is doing at the age of 77 for such great hair! She's thrilled to report that her regimen of Max International's Cellgevity is what makes all the difference! Do the research on an amino acid called glutathione and then go here! www.max.com/421839  I take a vitamin called Max GXL it contains NAC, and i believe i have taken Metronidazole for a yeast infection with no affect. Please visit: www.max.com/421839. They should be able to answer all your questions and concerns about that  Instead of taking a lot of vitamin pills, get back on the prenatals. I am 23 and I have had 4 children. The doctors told me I can keep taking the prenatals if I would like to because of all the vitamins, so it is safe to keep taking prenatals if you would like to. I think it would be better than to take a lot of different ones when you can take 1. Hope that helps.  ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...let me think about that on for a sec....NO  Vitamin D deficiency is associated with obesity. This is partly due to the fact that healty eating and active living facilitate proper Vitamin D levels. However, studies shown that a person's levels of Vitamin D prior to dieting do often affect the successfulness of their diet.  powders absorb into your body faster  I just got back from Arizona where I helped my friend who had similar problems. She was pre diabetic, her kidneys were bleeding, she had parasites and amoebas. She was overweight had fibromyalgia and no energy. She couldn't work anymore. She took some supplements that I take, one is just for energy it's called Vitality by Pharmanex. You can get it at www.scan.nsedreams.com She also started taking a Nano Pack (same site). It's a vitamin packet you take twice a day. Some of the antioxidants are nano sized, that means very small so they get in your cells.My friend is 30lbs lighter and working two jobs now. Hope that helps. The thing I love about this company is their quality and purity of the products. My friend is a walking testimony.  My Doctor told me vitamin E and evening primrose oil are good for breast health. They also work for tenderness.  yes  Platelets are cells that are vital to your blood's ability to clot. When a low platelet countproblem arises, a variety of vitamin supplements can help prevent and treat this condition such as: Vitamin C, known as ascorbic acid, is involved in the production and maintenance of your body's tissues. Vitamin D supplements can be effective to increase low platelet count. While vitamin K may not directly influence your platelet count, it is essential to your blood's ability to clot. Try to eat fresh fruits and vegetables products like Sheffafoods company product that mainly consist of vitamins like Berries, green leafy vegetables, oranges, tomatoes and kiwis  these will help you increase the platelet count.  they are opioids close but not the same is urine test cheap one or sent to lab  Not probably, but you can get to grow your hair at a slow rate. The Main advantage of it is to treat skin and fungal infections. Because of this, monistat promoted for hair growth but not because of any intrinsic properties. Although you can a have permanent solution for hair growth without any loss in the future with "Argan Oil" known as a miracle oil for hair growth and treatment. Because the oil's acidity and vitamins are essential for hair and assist in softening, nourishing and rehabilitating the hair.  try "Superfood". I have been taking superfood for several months now and it is packed full of nutrients. You can only get on their website. texassuperfood.com  I wouldn't give vitamins or supplements to anyone unless they were natural or came from whole foods. Multi- vitamins or isolated vitamins like vit C are synthetic, are full of toxins, and don't work properly anyway because they require many other micro-nutrients to unlock their full potential. Look into superfood. It is a whole food supplement that comes from vine ripened fruits and vegetables. It will give you and your children the suggested 12 servings a day of veg's and fruits which provide the crucial nutrients and vitamins your body needs  no because it not ideal for you to take all the vitamins together.  not sure  Drink lots of water. Do kegel exercises. You might notice a little difference. If you think you're going to shoot like a porn star, though, remember that they have ways of faking large ejaculations. Most men ejaculate only about a teaspoonful.  