Pls go to your dr and check for appendicitis. My son had this.  Usually any pain reliever will help. Tylenol, Advil, Aspirin can help reduce her fever don't let her take it unless she's allergic though. There are two other things you could do. You can cool her down grab wet towels and put one on her forehead and the other on her neck and or chest. Some people prefer to sweat it out but I don't recommend that one. I do recommend you take her to a doctor or ER it's not good that her temperature is 102 if it gets any higher she could get brain damage.  If your a female it sounds like the first signs of pregnancy. If your a male it could be indigestion,  Hi there: My two year old also had that. She ended up having to have an inhaler because her airways would inflate when she was active therefore causing her to have trouble breathing. After she used the inhaler for a while it went away and now she is a healthy almost 4 year old! We only ever used it the one time. I would reccomend it. good luck.  Just a thought. Probably have no energy because you are dehydrated from the increased loss of fluid even tho you are drinking, it may very well not be enough. The blood may be caused from the increased amount of defecation causing irritation in the bowel. The first thing that comes to my mind is Cholecystitis (gallbladder inflammation and/or stones). I have been an RN for over 20 years and have had this condition myself and it was necessary to have my gall bladder removed. The symptoms that you describe is exactly what I experienced to a "T". A total gall bladder work up was suggested on my behalf and surgery was required. A visit to your physician is must assuredly suggested and questions related to the gall bladder and even the pancreas should be explored.  This very well be the result of allergies (that you may or may not be aware of) causing thick drainage (mucous) from your sinuses. When you lie down this process becomes worse and it continues to drain during the nite down the throat causing irritation in the form of a dry, scratchy throat and even burning sensation in the same area. It continues into the esophagus and into the stomach. When you awake in the morning, because you have not drunk any liquids to help thin and clear the mucous you feel as if you can not swallow AND you are most likely to feel nauseated as the mucous is now the only contents in your stomach. Vomiting may very well make you feel better because it removes the contents that is making you feel nauseated. However, you do not want to have to go thru this process every morning. It would be extremely irritating and even damaging to the esophagus and oral cavity. If this is the problem, he is likely to give you an allergy medicine such as Allegra, Zyrtec or Claritin to take on a daily basis that will help clear the drainage, stopping the irritation in the throat and halting the morning nausea/vomiting. Hope you feel better soon.  Not sure if it is related but my daughter has a yeast intolerance and a lactose intolerance and she vomits immediately from some foods while from others it is bedtime or after a few days of building up yeast in her system. Now that I have her intolerances figured out, we have changed her diet dramatically.  The short answer is yes. I bet that someone, somewhere, is allergic to almost every food product or their individual ingredients. The human body can sometimes be very unpredictable. It may quickly reject food through the process of allergic reactions. Some folks will outgrow allergies while some folks will suddenly go through an allergic reaction after having ingested a food product for many years in an uneventful manner. As a matter of interest, I just recently returned from a same day medical clinic because I had experienced a systemic itch for the past three days. The doctor diagnosed my itching to my taking an antibiotic called Bactrim. The odd think to me was that I had no allergic symptoms during the first 5 days of taking this medicine. Powered sugar, is also known as confectioner's sugar, sugar frosting, icing sugar, and 10X or 4X sugar. If you ever run out of powdered sugar and need a quick replacement, try this recipe:Combine 4 cups of granulated white sugar and  cup of cornstarch. Mix in a food processor until blended completely into a powdery substance.  I do not believe that your 1998 gastric bypass surgery is responsible for your listed symptoms. Since your doctors don't have any answers, it is time to open the door to emotional causes as the reasons for your feeling poorly. Save Restless Leg Syndrome, the dizziness, headaches, vomiting, reflux, and body aches all fit in with depression as your culprit. Perhaps having an interview with a mental health professional to assess your depression would be beneficial. Talk therapy along with medication may improve your psychological outlook on life and reduce/eliminate your depression. If you are not currently taking an anti-depressant medication, one may be needed to restore some joy in your life. If you are currently being treated with an anti-depressant medication, a change in the medication or its strength may be justified. Sometimes anti depression medications just stop working, or even cause more depression, following long-term usage. As a side benefit to the depression lifting, physical disorders often improve. It is an agreed upon fact that our emotional state of mind directly influences our physical health. Some family doctors report that up to 2/3 of their patient's complaints can be traced back to emotional difficulties such as chronic stress and depression. Lastly, as a graduate of gastric bypass surgery, joining a support group could be a key ingredient to your feeling better. You'll be able to listen and share with others in a non-judgmental fashion,, ask questions, and make lasting friendships. My answer is intended to be respectful and helpful. You deserve resolution of your symptoms..  As a follow-up to my original answer, the link below will open a WebMD article on the relationship between depression and physical symptoms. http://www.webmd.com/depression/physical-symptoms  Actually, 24 lbs. is about 16% below the 28.4 average weight for a 2 year old child. Is the child having regular wellness visits? These visits are important as the medical professionals can assess growth and development factors, run routine diagnostic testing, and question the caretaker about their concerns. Chronic vomiting is a symptom that something is medically wrong with the child. Because of the vomiting and lack of appetite, the child may not be receiving/retaining the ideal caloric or nutritional values necessary to gain weight and to thrive. It could be allergies, anatomical structural deviations within the digestion system, or a host of other problems. Please take the lead in ensuring that this child receives a complete medical work-up.  I could not find any harmful effects in consuming these mints. The manufacturer of the mints referenced in your question is the world's largest food producer. I personally will avoid their products because of the methods reportedly used in securing water for their bottled water. Run the manufacturer's name with the words "water shortage" for further information. If the mints help you, then that's probably what your body needs.   At 16 years of age, or at any age, waiting for a diagnosis related to liver symptoms is upsetting and scary. Liver disorders can strike at any age and even in people who live a clean and healthy life. Your doctor should have explained the possible causes of your symptoms as they relate to the black spots. It is not possible to determine the causes of your liver spots until further testing is completed, but the possible significance of the spots could have been discussed. With that said, please do not listen to well-meaning individuals suggesting a fatty liver as your problem. For the record, most people have some degree of fatty liver. Here are my two suspicions regarding your case: I recommend that you receive more information from your doctor, surround yourself with the best and most open medical professionals, have as many radiologic tests done as possible, help to keep the diagnostic testing moving as swiftly as possible to reduce large gaps of time when you are just waiting and thinking, talk about your feelings to family and friends, and maintain a positive spirit. I wish you well during this period of medical uncertainty.  That's probably ULCERS. Possibly bleeding ulcers.I would see a gastroenterology.  Just be careful of dehydration. Try a tablespoon of water per hour (or ice chips). Do not give him soda pop. If you use Gatorade, use 50% water, 50% Gatorade.  If your 5 year old does not have a fever, or clamminess to skin, the child should be able to go to school, but inform the school nurse of the event so the school is aware.  How long has this been going on? Have you been to the doctor to see if maybe you have an allergy to bananas? Or to see if you could possibly be pregnant?  A pharmacist gave me the suggestion to try Dramamine for nausea and vomiting. It has worked for me.  Sounds like a hernia. Have him checked out by a doctor  , specifically, is known to turn the tongue and/or stool black temporarily. This condition can persist for a few days after you take the product. The effect depends on how much Pepto you took, too. If the black stool goes away after a few days, you probably have nothing to worry about. If it persists for more than a week, you probably should see a health care provider. Bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract (everything from your stomach to your rectum) can cause the stool to turn black. I'm going to assume, however, that the situation is temporary due to the use of pink bismuth. Wishing you all the best for a speedy recovery!  Yes, these things definitely could be related, and you should seek immediate medical attention by calling 911. The symptoms you describe could indicate an that requires immediate treatment. Do not delay. I realize your question was posted 12 hours ago, so perhaps you've already seen a medical professional. If the symptoms have subsided, you still need to seek medical attention. Best wishes to you.  Well, I vote "yes." I think you've waited this out long enough. While some viruses can linger beyond 14 days, most of them are history at the two-week mark. It sounds like your symptoms are not getting better, so that means it's time for a trip to your primary care provider. He or she can assess your symptoms and provide treatment to get you back on the road to health. Feel better soon!  You're right: Since the Duchess of Cambridge was admitted to the hospital with (HG), everyone's been asking what it really is. Hyperemesis gravidarum literally means excessive (hyper) vomiting (emesis) due to pregnancy (gravidarum). Many women get morning sickness -- nausea and/or vomiting -- in the early stages of pregnancy, so a lot of people are asking why Kate Middleton had to be hospitalized for what amounts to a bad case of morning sickness. Hyperemesis gravidarum, however, is a serious medical condition. A woman with HG may lose as much as 5% of her total body weight due to fluid loss. This can not only put the baby at risk but can cause electrolyte imbalances in the mother that can lead to a heart attack. Fortunately, HG is a very rare condition. Most women never have morning sickness that reaches the level of HG. The Duchess of Cambridge was simply unlucky in this respect. Hope that explains things for you.  Well, this certainly deserves a trip to the doctor's office. You can start with your primary care provider (PCP). It may turn out to be nothing, but unexpected, violent episodes of vomiting shouldn't be ignored when they happen multiple times. Many things could cause this, including a food intolerance or allergy. It would be best to get the PCP's opinion as to what might be causing this. Meanwhile, it would help if your son kept a log of what he ate just before vomiting. Also, it would be useful to know if his bowel movements are regular of if he's frequently constipated. (Not that he's going to want to discuss these topics!) Constipation can cause vomiting in some cases. I wish you and your son all the best with this!  Most experts agree it's possible to have some sort of bariatric (weight loss) surgery after having had a fundoplication. As you probably know, there are many types of bariatric surgery. Some of these include: gastric bypass, Lap Band, and sleeve gastrectomy, among others. Your best bet is to talk to a bariatric surgeon. He or she can explain all the risks involved. Depending on the type of bariatric surgery you have, you may be at greater risk for certain complications since you have undergone fundoplication. These complications may include injury to the stomach and leakage. Again, these are potential complications you should discuss with a bariatric surgeon. When thinking about bariatric surgery, it's best to find a surgeon who specializes in these procedures. Ask what type(s) of bariatric surgery the surgeon performs, how many procedures he or she performs each year, and how often his or her patients encounter serious complications after the surgery. It's also a good idea to interview several surgeons before making a choice. You can ask for referrals to speak to former patients, though health care laws may make it difficult for a doctor to provide such information. But it never hurts to ask!  Sorry to hear you're going through this! It sounds awful. Many conditions could cause those symptoms. One possibility is food poisoning. If you're not running a fever, it's probably OK to wait things out to see if the symptoms get better. Meanwhile try to sip water or at least take ice chips. The combination of vomiting and diarrhea can cause dehydration pretty quickly. If you're still sick in a day or two, it probably would be wise to call your health care provider or go to an urgent care facility. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear you're feeling poorly. Often, the best initial treatment for is to avoid taking anything by mouth (including water) until the vomiting stops. Then start with small sips of water to make sure you aren't going to start vomiting again. Work your way up to regular food slowly. After the vomiting stops, be sure to stay as well-hydrated as you can without triggering more nausea. If the vomiting is severe or doesn't clear up within a day, you should seek medical attention. Also, if your , such as severe abdominal pain or head injury, you should seek immediate medical attention. If you have no allergies to medication, you can probably treat the vomiting and aches with over-the-counter medications. Ask a pharmacist what he or she recommends. If you did not get a , be aware the is already underway. Wash your hands frequently to avoid spreading the flu (if that's what you have) or any potentially contagious illness. Hope you feel better soon!  Unfortunately, it's impossible to tell what the problem might be without a physical examination. Difficulty urinating is not a symptom to be taken lightly. It could be caused by a urinary tract infection, kidney infection, or even a stone. Any of these conditions could cause additional problems if not treated. The difficulty urinating also could contribute to the nausea and vomiting. If these symptoms don't clear up quickly, I'd suggest you seek immediate medical treatment. Hope this helps!  My concern is for your immediate safety. Severe dizziness and balance problems can cause you to fall and injure yourself. You need to make sure you have someone with you at all times to help you get around. Using an assistive device, such as a walker, is not enough. Also, you need to call your doctor as soon as possible to report these symptoms and/or find out the results of the scan you just had done. (You typed November "2012." If that is correct, then you should be getting the results soon. If that's a typo and you meant "2011," then you need to seek immediate medical attention for these new symptoms.) Do not delay in getting these symptoms checked out. I wish you all the best!  If your girlfriend is experiencing a fever over 101F, you should seek immediate medical attention. If she's not feverish and has recovered from passing out, I'd suggest you carefully monitor the situation and keep her well-hydrated. Dehydration can cause a person to faint, as can low blood sugar. If the vomiting doesn't clear up within 24 hours, you should call a doctor or consider visiting an urgent care facility. Best wishes to you both!  You are brushing too far back stimulating your gag reflex.Or you need to change tooth paste.  Your not moving enough stool, it is building up & causing the problems. You will find OTC meds will not work that well you need to find foods that will allow you to go on a regular basis. I had this very problem & found Cherrio's or other wheat based products help move things along, even if it's just wheat toast.  I recommend that he be evaluated by an allergist (if not already done) to help determine whether he is truly allergic to eggs and milk or if these were some other type of adverse reaction. It is important because, if he is allergic, consumption of the food could lead to a severe allergic reaction and they should be avoided. Most children with egg and milk allergy are ultimately able to eat it by age 5 and an allergist can help determine when (and how) to attempt re-introduction.  Can you be any more specific in describing what you termed a "bad move"?  In general, metronidazole is very harsh on the stomach and can cause nausea, vomiting and upset stomach. It is recommended to take with food and to avoid alcohol, which has a drug-drug interaction (will cause vomiting). If you daughter is pregnant, I would not take this medication and would seek advice from your doctor as to why or if another medication can be prescribed. Have your daughter-in-law contact her ob-gyn to see if he/she feels safe with her taking this medication. Also ask your ob-gyn if they have a list of medications that they believe are safe to take during pregnancy.  Penicillin can be harsh on the stomach. It is important to take it with food and not on an empty stomach. Your pharmacist may also be able to flavor the medication to make it easier for your son to take. I would make sure the vomiting has subsided before giving him another dose. Since I dont know the original diagnosis or the reason for his penicillin prescription, I wouldnt know if the condition is causing the vomiting or the medication. Let his stomach settle a bit and try giving him something small to eat, something that will be light on his stomach. See if he can hold this down before giving him another dose of medication. If the vomiting continues, consult your health care provider to discuss an option that may be less upsetting to his stomach.  Common side effects for this medication include diarrhea, dizziness, drowsiness, gas, headache, indigestion, nausea, stomach pain or upset, and vomiting. Your upset stomach can be minimized by taking the enteric coated form (do not break or crush), as well as taking the medication with food. If the side effects worsen over time, consult your health care provider or pharmacist to find a medication that is right for you.  CALL HER DR.  Call and ask your Dr. your still in your 1st trimester so i wouldnt chance anything.  Although it is hard to say if you have the flu or not, if you are still feeling ill, please call you healthcare provider and ask their advice about treatment for your illness If you get the flu, pumping your breast milk and having a healthy adult give your baby the breast milk is a good way to protect your baby. The flu virus is not transmitted through breast milk. Maternal antibodies are transmitted through breast milk, which may actually help protect the child if s/he was already exposed to influenza. It is OK to take antivirals to treat the flu while you are breastfeeding. If there is no one else who can take care of your baby while you are sick, try to wear a face mask at all times when you are feeding or caring for your baby. You should also be very careful about washing your hands and taking everyday precautions to prevent your baby from getting flu. Using a cloth blanket between you and your baby during feedings might also help. If you think your baby has developed flu-like symptoms, please call your healthcare provider quickly so your baby may be examined.  give her fever reducers and lots of fluids, it is probably just a stomach bug. If it doesn't get better within 4 to 5 days take her to her pediatrician  It's not abnormal. I have had it happen to me as well. It is uncomfortable but not concerning. Remember that vomit comes up the esophagus which is connected to the nose and the mouth. If there is enough force the vomit can come out of the nose.  It could have been caused by dehydration from being in the sun. I used to get extremely bad cramps in my leg and it hurt so bad I was holding my breath when it happened. I went to the doctor and they found that I had low potassium (which can cause muscle cramps) however, blood clots in the leg can also cause extreme pain. Might be a good idea to visit your doctor and get it sorted.  What State do you live in?  What are your symptoms? I have been bloated and burping for two months. I am nauseous too though. My sister and I are looking into our hormone levels. We found that Melatonin is a hormone in your body and changes all the time like insulin levels. In the winter, with lack of sunlight melatonin levels can be high and stay in the gut creating high acid levels in the stomach. We are trying full spectrum light therpy. I have a co-worker too who says he is bloated and always feels full right now. I do not feel depressed or anything, but maybe it is SAD (Seasonal Affective Disorder).  I had something similar. Call the doctor, blood tests may be necessary for a recurring fever.  This is a great question. But of course as a pharmacist, I have to ask the patient a few questions too, because we need to find out what is the root cause. Could this be more of a virus running around and causing that nausea and vomiting, because in that case, it's really just flat Coca-Cola syrup over some ice, and just letting it pass. If it becomes very violent though and they haven't been able to keep any food or water down, you have to go in the emergency room, because dehydration could cause more problems down the road. So you want to be really careful about that. If you are pregnant, once again, you can't really take the over-the-counter products that are available, such as Meclizine, basically known as Dramamine, or also Bonine. Bonine is a chewable form of the product. These are not safe in pregnant women, so therefore they have to go more the natural route. They could possibly try; there is a wristband that they could wear around their wrist to help prevent that as well. But if it's just for motion sickness because it was on a boat; which is very common for people, or a train. The products that are available; Dramamine and Bonine, are quite effective. They may cause a little bit of tiredness, because they are actually antihistamines, and by causing the drowsiness, they are actually calming down the center in your brain that causes the nausea and vomiting. But once again as a pharmacist, I am going to ask my patients a few questions first before I can help you find the right choice.  Based on three medications I am unaware of anything such as a side-effect of that happening. But I would question this patient as to why they are on Zegerid and Protonix? They actually are both proton pump inhibitors and if they are taking them at the same time, I would question as to why? Because generally you are on one or the other, not both. So as a pharmacist, if a patient came to me and asked me this question, I would ask him, can you tell me what other medications you are taking? Through a medication list, I would be able to say, hey, this might be one of the problems. Contact the physician or healthcare provider and then let the patient know whether or not they need to be switched, discontinue one, find out what is really going on. But that is a common thing that pharmacists do encounter everyday. That's what were doing, we are checking to make sure that there is no drug interactions, or in this case duplication of therapy.  You need to take him to the emergency room as soon as possible. Vomiting that does not subside needs to be treated immediately and he can be in a lot of trouble because he can become severely dehydrated (probably already is) which means his body is craving certain nutrients that help his blood pressure and his heart.  The first thing that came to my mind is "how long has this been going on for?" Anytime I hear that children have been vomiting for some time or is starting to dry heave my first words are "call the pediatrician and go to the ER"--the child is probably severely dehydrated and probably needs IV fluids. You should not give her Pepto-Bismol because it is not for vomiting and since this may be a virus you should not use Pepto-Bismol liquid because one of the ingredients is related to aspirin and is associated with Reye's syndrome. Pepto-Bismol actually has a childrens formulation that contains calcium carbonate instead, which is safe to use.  Yes, vomiting is a side effect of the medication. It is important that you give your child this medication with some food or milk because it can be harsh on the stomach. If she continues to vomit after the second or third dose of the medication, contact your doctor or health-care provider; it may be necessary to switch her to a different antibiotic.  A long time ago, my little brother had the tummy flu, so my dad gave him a pitcher to throw up in, but he threw up on the stupid bed! Oh well. He's much better! XD.  Yes, bloody diarrhea is concerning and should be evaluated immediately by a doctor. Bloody diarrhea due to E coli 0157:H7 infection can sometimes have severe complications. Bloody diarrhea can also be caused by Salmonella, Shigella and Campylobacter infections. There are some other serious non-infection related conditions that can also be associated with bloody diarrhea that should be evaluated by a doctor. Hope this helps. Take care.  I am not sure why, but plain saltine crackers seem to be eaiser to keep down and makes my stomach feel better. Sometimes, however, a pinch of just plain salt does the same thing for me.  Try to avoid fatty food and have him eat something that is light on the stomach like toast ,fruit & vegstables , juice ,Eggs , salad, soup ,nothing thats heavy on the stomach. Also stay away from diary the next day.  those are all symptoms of a migraine. if you haven't been diagnosed with them, see a neurologist.  While you want to check with your pediatrician, it sounds like your baby is experiencing infant regurgitation, also called spit up, where the contents in the stomach reflux back into the esophagus. This occurs frequently in babies because the muscles at the lower esophageal sphincter muscle (responsible for keeping food from coming back up) are weak. Your pediatrician should be able to tell you if it is problematic which usually happens when reflux causes problems such as inflammation, swallowing problems, poor weight gain and food refusal. For the most part, frequent regurgitation is considered normal when growth is fine and the child eats with well with no other signs of distress. Because you are breastfeeding, there could be other things contributing such as an overactive letdown (milk comes out fast) and laying baby down right after feeding. A lactation consultant can help you troubleshoot feeding your baby to decrease vomiting. For more on this subject, see this WebMD article. Congrats on your new baby!  While it's hard to tell for sure, it could be that child your child is getting overfed at times. If the formula is given after a big meal, which may occur at night, that could cause him to throw up. Once children turn one, it's recommended parents switch them to whole milk. If his birthday is soon go ahead and switch him. Either way, I would try giving the formula in a sippy cup instead of the bottle and do it between meals and not right after eating. It's important to remember that babies have small tummies and if they get filled to the brim some of that food may come back up. If these changes don't work, and he continues to vomit, see your healthcare provider.  It is important to rest the stomach and yet still avoid dehydration. Clear fluids should be attempted for the first 24 hours of an illness, and then the diet should be advanced as tolerated. Clear fluids are easy for the stomach to absorb and include: Water Sports drinks Clear broths Popsicles Jello. It is important not to take too much fluid at one time since stretching the stomach may cause the nausea to worsen. One to two ounces of fluid at a time, taken every 10 to 15 minutes, may be all that the stomach will be able to tolerate. Milk products should be avoided for the first 24 to 48 hours during an episode of nausea and vomiting. The enzyme that helps digest milk is located in cells lining the stomach. With vomiting, the body can become relatively lactose intolerant. Abdominal pain, bloating, vomiting, and diarrhea may occur.  This is due to your ovulation cycle. The hormones released can make you feel this way, nauseous and all.:)  Based on the description, I am not sure why you are assuming gallbladder cancer since it is quite rare. Maybe the doctor indicated that was a concern. Ultrasound results are available quickly, so I wouldn't let that part worry you. However, unintentional weight loss is a concern and I'm glad that her doctor is getting to the bottom of what's going on. To answer your specific question, gallbladder cancer is not common and fewer than 10,000 people are diagnosed with it every year (including cancers of the gallbladder bile ducts). It is usually found fairly late because it's often advanced by the time someone has significant syptoms. If it's found early, which happens in about 1 in 5 people, there is the possibility to cure it. But even if it can't be cured, treatment can definitely help prolong life.  I recently had mine removed. I had dull to severe pain depending on what I ate between my lower shoulder blades. Sometime's I would have "Attacks" that would feel almost like a heart attack, they start off by being uncomfortable and gradually get worse until you feel like you can't breathe. My attacks ended up making be vomit. They got worse every time, but sometimes it would be three or four months in between each. If I stayed away from greasy high fat foods, I would be fine, but as soon as I had something I shouldn't I suffered. Hope this helps!  Hi. According to the mayo clinic and no doubt WebMD it should be this. The current recommended dietary allowance for zinc taken by mouth is: 11 milligrams for males 19 years old and older; 8 milligrams for females 19 years and older; 11 milligrams for pregnant females 19 years old and older; and 12 milligrams for lactating females 19 years and older. Cant work out just what this 333% is and where did you get this reading from? Good Luck  Hi Please don't over nervous just because of a couple of razor cuts, the pains sound like you may have the flu coming on or could be you just slept heavy, just take pain relief with a good hot drink and relax, should do you the world of good. Good Luck  Hi Well being on a two day bender, not a really bright idea was it, well this could be the side effect of that. You ask am I pregnant of an STD, there are tests for both, pregnancy either an HPT or go see your doctor, as for the STD try an STD/GUM Clinic and get some tests done. See Help for both. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer  Hi You need to get to an ER, they will help if need be get them out by hand, its about the best way I can answer this, but it will help to get things moving again. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Of course your heart will start to play up, having this problem for so long, doctors been there yet? or doctor to you, even? Did you not bring up your problem why you was at the ER? Here's a link, its from the UK's NHS on food poisoning, it has lots of help, but as this has been long term I would have thought the ER would be the best place for you, seeing as its given you so much trouble. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Food-poisoning/Pages/Introduction.aspx Just google this link to open and read. Good Luck  Hi I think this should shed some answers on your problem. The hormones created by the body during pregnancy can cause nausea and vomiting in and of themselves. The abortion causes the body to stop making these hormones very rapidly, and this throws the body out of rhythm hormonally. This sudden cessation of pregnancy hormones can cause nausea with or without vomiting and may last a few days. If vomiting becomes severe or persists, dehydration may result. Dehydration can lead to serious health complications, including death, so medical treatment becomes necessary for excessive vomiting. This was from www.livestrong.com So from this sounds like you need a blood test for your hormones, there have got out of whack, start with your doctor and work out from there. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like somebody has tonsillitis, I would get her to her doctor ASAP Good Luck  Hi I would go back, they must be missing something, ask to see a paediatrician they must have one? Good Luck  Hi The real best thing you could do for your friend, is talk to her about what she is doing to her and if keeps going the way she is to her family as well, she needs to get on a program and counselling to kick the habit. That would be the best help you could give her. Good Luck  Hi Has your doctor and the ER seen these coffee grounds? it could be blood, and did he also keep the flesh he threw up, even if its in the freezer, wants to take this with him, just as evidence of what's coming up. Hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi, Is your thrush, oral or vaginal? If its oral, it could be from phlegm that you swallow, could that that's giving you vomiting. Good Luck  Hi If I was you, I would have been to a doctor/hospital ages ago if this, sounds like you have some kind of trouble going on. Go get tested. Good Luck  Hi First question would be ever thought of BC, as it seems you do like unprotected sex? I think it would be to go see your doctor, you could be pregnant, but I don't think so, but then you have to think some women can be pregnant and still have periods. But see your doctor for better advice and tests. If your not pregnant, see your doctor about BC that would suit you. Good Luck  Hi Then you need to be at your doctors if you have one, if not then get to an ER, ASAP Good Luck PS Perhaps now would be the good time to kick the alcohol for good, its sending you a message.  Hi Then you need to be at your doctors if you have one, if not then get to an ER, ASAP Good Luck PS Perhaps now would be the good time to kick the alcohol for good, its sending you a message.  Hi I Would get off and see your doctor ASAP. Its a bit hard to put a finger on just what you have, its to vague. Good Luck  Hi, I would if I was you, get the job done properly, and go have some tests done, get this done your doctor will get you on the right meds for your problem. Or just get to an ER Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Anybody with blood in there stool or urine should go see your doctor ASAP, its important that you do that. Good Luck  Hi Sounds like he has pulled or torn a muscle, the best thing he van do is rest , ice pack it, a pack of frozen peas will done, then he just keeps putting them back in the freezer, don't eat them, do it 3 times a day, the slowly get back in to the swing of things, but he must not rush it. keep him off any vigorous sex till then, you will have to be on top, but slowly. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Though the people who get this wont shout about it, but seems it quite a common thing in both sex's, this should help explain it a bit more. Orgasm is an complex process and involves release of numerous chemical mediators like Dopamine Bradykinin, Prostaglandins etc. These mediators can in some induce symptoms like nausea, vomiting, headache, muscle pains etc. Medications which suppress the action of these mediators will surely prevent such symptoms. Medication like Metoclopramide will reduce the nausea and vomiting . Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Have found a very good link for you, your find it very interesting. Good Luck http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/sex-orgasms-and-headaches  Hi Well you will have to wait to see if you miss you next period, if so then this is the time to get either an HPT done or get a test done at your doctors, its only then you will find out. Are see just reread above so get to your doctor then. On the down side it could be just a missed period, they do happen from time to time, possible. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Have you considered that you may have been pregnant before you started the pill? So thing you need to do now either way, is to get a test done, till then who knows? Good Luck  Hi You must be the first person who push's out diarrhoea, diarrhoea normally just explodes out of us, no effort needed. Sounds like your over reacting to it, but in future just let it happen, don't force it out, just be more natural to it. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read of this link, it should help you and your daughter over this problem. The Link, http://www.webmd.com/women/guide/menstrual-pain Do hope this helps you both. Good Luck  Hi You do not give human drugs to animals if your that worried go see your vet, best advice. If not just keep him/her off food for 24 hours, then just feed him/her have some scrambled eggs, and just let it drink plain boiled water and no milk, that should perk it up. Then just give it some plain food, mix in some cooked pasta as well. Good Luck  Hi Yes I think that would be a very good idea, something is wrong there. So go ASAP. Good Luck  Hi I can understand the no food, but not drinking?, we all need fluids, it keeps us alive, But the vet would be the best thing ASAP. Good Luck  What happens if I overdose? Seek emergency medical attention or call the Poison Help line at 1-800-222-1222. A tramadol overdose can be fatal, especially in a child or other person using the medicine without a prescription. Overdose symptoms may include slow breathing and heart rate, severe drowsiness, cold and clammy skin, and fainting. If your planning this please go seek help ASAP Life can never be that bad. Good Luck  Hi See above answer.  Hi, OK some women can get pregnant from anytime of the month even during there period, the only way you find out is if you miss your next period, if you do, get a test done then. Good Luck  Hi Best advice , go see your doctor ASAP, if not a gyno ASAP Good Luck  Hi I think what you was having was near to a fainting fit, have a good read through this link, sounds from the way it reads it could help you. http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Fainting/Pages/Causes.aspx Just copy into google to the www. to open and read. But not to sure it was down to you sinus's being blocked up, sounds more like low blood pressure. Good Luck  Hi I think its best you see your doctor ASAP, it could be your Appendix it could be the start of them getting worst. Good Luck  Hi Yes and a tip, blood in stools or urine, get to your doctor ASAP Hope this helps you. Good Luck  You are allergic to fish. This very thing happened to me many years ago after eating Orange Roughie. Then I noticed I would get nauseated just eating tuna or any other kind of fish. Also fish oil supplement for omega 3 caused vomiting. Now I avoid fish at all cost. For Omega 3 I take Flax Oil capsules. It's a bummer but it can be dangerous.  Yes several years ago I was told I had a Ulcer. I do not have insurance so I can not go see a doctor.  It is a gag reflex caused by brushing too far back in your mouth.  Either mild heart attack or stroke can produce the symptoms you name, I would advise that you be seen promptly for post-event evaluation by a medical professional. Regards, Red Lawhern, Ph.D.  it must be because of gastric in your body due to stress or not getting proper sleep. be sure that you have the medical insurance also  I don't know. I do not know anything about your daughter; not even her age, and more importantly....I have no way of examining her over the Internet, take a detailed medical history, or run any diagnostic tests. You will need to have your daughter examined by a medical professional.  If vomiting was the only definitive symptom of pregnancy, people with stomach flu would be freaking out. Morning sickness is only ONE, of many, symptoms that could indicate pregnancy in a woman who is sexually-involved and NOT using any form of contraception. There are other medical conditions that can cause vomiting as well, so see your medical provider. You can always take a pregnancy test to be sure, or if you do not want to be pregnant, use an effective contraceptive so you would no have to worry.  I could not possibly answer that question based solely on the brief, vague information in your posting. I do not know what you had twenty years ago in your mouth that came back now...there are numerous conditions that cause sores. Your other symptoms.....nausea, vomiting, joint weakness, achey, and vaginal sores (last summer)....are so non-specific that it is going to take a thorough medical investigation just to narrow down the many possibilities. You will need to see your medical provider to start the diagnostic process....  You did not ask a particular question, but I can comment. Any person who been coughing for a month needs to be examined to determine the reason. Since you are also having nausea/vomiting, which may or may not be related, this is another reason for you to see a medical provider so you can be properly diagnosed and treated -- two things that cannot be done blindly over the Internet.  No, the penicillin did not cause his gums to bleed. This was just a coincidence, but bleeding gums are a sign of gingivitis, so it may be wise to consult his dentist.  I agree with you...testing him for Strep would have been prudent, although he was not experiencing a severe sore throat. There can be other reasons (intestinal virus) to account for his array of symptoms. Preventing dehydration is essential. I suspect he is nauseated, so there are medicines that can be prescribed so that he can drink fluids without vomiting. Call his medical provider. Some immediate signs of dehydration includes lack of tears, dry mouth, and a reduced urine flow. If he is experiencing these, he should be re-evaluated immediately by his medical provider.  If you are having unprotected sex; not using any form of birth control, then yes....you can become pregnant. Your body is designed for conceptiion. Your current symptoms are not necessarily specific for pregnancy, nor do they exclude the possibility. It is up to you to decide when to take a pregnancy test, or when to repeat the test if it comes up negative.  Yes, a person can have a gastointestinal virus without vomiting or diarrhea, but those symptoms are typically the things you get. If you had this virus before or a similar virus, you may only have a mild infection with nausea. You cannot definitively diagnose a Norovirus by symptoms alone, since everyone responds to a viral infection differently.  I do not know anything about your mother or her medical history, but I would be concerned as well. I cannot imagine that six days into a potent antibiotic course, that she would be having UTI symptoms. The vact that her BP is low, her heart rate is high, and she is having difficulty breathing would not likely be related to the UTI. She needs to see her regular medical provider as soon as possible for an examination.  Maybe. It would not be overly harmful to eat expired yogurt or drink sour milk for that matter, but expiration dates are there to insure freshness of the product and safety. There are many reasons for a child to vomit, but that yogurt may have been contributory. Vomiting is one way for your body to get rid of an offending substance, so maybe most of the yogurt was expelled.  You did not ask a particular question, but clearly you need to be under the care of a good primary care provider/internist until these chronic issues can be solved. As much as I would like to help you, it would be not be possible to delve into your case over the Internet, since it is going to take an extensive medical history, a thorough examination, and a plethora of diagnostic tests just to get started.  It is possible, but any injury would likely be very minor (and accidental) since the throat is really not touched. A tongue depressor is used to push down the tongue in order to see the throat. The child may now have an unrelated sore throat, gagging from post-nasal drainage, or have a croupy voice from laryngeal irritation....things that have nothing to do with the examination.  There can be MANY reasons....from a viral infection (viral gastroenteritis) to a congenital problem with the stomach. Because of the age and possibiltiy of dehydration, it is imperative that this baby be seen by her medical provider.  One can control post-nasal drainage by using an antihistamine, but I do not know anything about you or your medical history to know if this would be recommended for you, since the underlying CAUSE has not been determined. The brownish mucous is a a concern, and could indicate a sinus infection, so it would be wise for you to see your medical provider so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated.  She should her medical provider, or at least, have a phone consultation. There are effective medications to help control vomiting, but they require a prescription (I don't know that age of your daughter). In the meantime, make sure that she takes frequent sips of water or other electrolyte solutions so that she will not become dehydrated.  That is difficult to say, but at least some of the Tamiflu may have been absorbed. You are probably taking Tamiful twice per day for five days, so you can wait until the next dose is due....hopefully, you will not vomit this one. I do not feel that taking an extra dose now would be prudent. If for some reason, that you vomit again, you need to consult your treating medical provider.  The ER doctor may be correct, since inner ear disorders are really high on the diagnostic possibilities. Most care cause by viruses that are self-limiting, so if you can hang in there another week or so, it may resolve. If not, your doctor should send ot you an ENT specialist -- one that specializes in inner ear problems (neurotologist) for a higher-level diagnostic work-up. This may include an MRI and a variety of inner ear diagnostic tests.  Get him in to see his medical provider RIGHT AWAY. This is not normal and he will need to have some imaging studies of his brain (MRI or CT, or both) as well as see a good pediatric neurologist.  Should you be concerned? Yes, if you are not able to eat without vomiting. You should discuss this with the GI specialist and give your acid reflux treatment a specific timeline. There are many different treatments, so perhaps you need a different medication, or at some point, consider surgery even if it appears to be small.  Your baby may have reflux, so it would be best for his pediatrician to provide some medication for him. He may likely have reflux if you use the cereal mixed with his formula (this is an old treatment for spitting up, but we have better ways now). If he is hungry and not holding down his formula long enough for it to be absorbed and utilized, this is a critical problem that needs proper management. Babies of this age need proper nourishment from formula or breast milk and cereal offers very little. As a matter of fact, cereal will fill him up to the point where he will eat less of the beneficial formula. At age 3 months or so (getting close!), babies tend to spit up less and tolerate feedings better, but you should not wait. There are plenty of medications that can help him hold down his food.  Yes, that can happen. It is called a perforation. Hopefully (if you have an ulcer), you are on some appropriate medications. Vomiting yellow liquid is just gastric secretions....it does not mean your "ulcer has burst".  Times past, it was recommended that families with children keep a bottle of ipecac on the shelf, in case Junior ingested something poisonous. Ipecac will reliably cause vomiting about 20-30 minutes after its given, so the idea was that you could at least get your child to vomit back the poison. We know now that advice to keep ipecac handy and use it after poisonous ingestions was wrong. Though it does cause vomiting, that 20-30 minute lag in effectiveness means that in many cases, the poison has already been absorbed, or has at least traveled beyond the stomach so it cant be brought back up. Some ingested things cause as much damage on the way out as when they were eaten, and vomiting them will only make things worse. Most importantly, drinking ipecac will prevent emergency physicians from being able to use truly effective treatments for ingestion, such as activated charcoal or medical antidotes. There are current no situations where national poison control centers advice the use of ipecac, and the American Academy of Pediatrics does not recommend parents keep ipecac in their house. If you think someone has ingested something poisonous, your best next step is to call the nationwide poison control center at 1-800-222-1222 in the US. Try to have the most important information available to discuss: what was ingested, when was it ingested, who took it, and how much was ingested. Theyll tell you what steps to take, whether you need to go to the ER, or what to monitor at home.  Sure hope you've gone to a doctor by now. Yes, you should go to a doctor if your system starts to operate differently than it usually does. Hope you are well by now.  I went through this with my own son. We decided to take him off of Concerta & pills for adHd. Tried the Feingold diet & saw great improvement. But you have to be a stickler to the healthier nutritional plan. It's tough but we put all the kids on it. Diet isn't magic but it made us feel like it was.  Strange, Dr. Phil just had a show on this today. Bottom line, (1) Go to the ER immediately, (2) Get to a psychiatrist and a therapist. Hope you feel better!  Could it be a stomach virus? Otherwise, call the doctor.  Having had 6 children, my pediatrician advised me that some babies have allergies to certain formulas (like soy). His pediatrician will recommend another formula. Since he is 11 months old, I would discontinue the formula and try Pediasure (spelled wrong). Don't invest in too much of that because he may not be able to tolerate that either. He could also be Lactose Intolorant. In that case, you may have to try a lactose free milk.  Definitely sounds like it could be an ulcer. I'd talk to your parents and get to the doctor.  Not an expert here but I'm going to say no because it just means he probably swallowed some of the blood from his nosebleed and, depending how much blood he swallowed, it may have made him nauseated.  You probably need to take your ass to the doctor before you get Alzeimers in your sleep and throw up everywere and dont know what the hell your doing.  take your child to the doctor , these can be signs of a mild problem to a serious problem, please remember if in doubt go to the doctor  you really need to get the dog to a vet- not eating or drinking will lead to dehydration and a slow death if not addressed. the dog could be poisoned! do NOT wait! VET NOW  It is not determined what may be causing this. It is very rarely that you may have a Intestinal Corruption and or / rip in intestines - but you would be puking and bleeding out mouth. Please see a physcian as soon as possible as this may be a serious condition and or / ordeal .  I recently had similar pain. Turned out it was my gallbladder. I had severe pain for 26 hours. I was referred to a clinic for an ultrasound. The results showed that I had gallstones.  I HAD THIS HAPPEN TO ME, SHECK TO SEE IF YOU'RE EXPERIENCING A YEAST INFECTION.  My husband got c-diff after being on flagyl and even stronger antibotics. C-diff is not anything to play around with. He never had vomiting problems but he was in a lot of pain. Check her temperature and if it is 101 or higher get her to a doctor A/S/A/P. May want to get her to a doctor anyway. He also developed septicemia (bacteria in the blood stream). Almost lost him twice. Not trying to scare you but need to take this very seriously. More people die from this disease in the US each year than people who get killed in auto accidents. And also make sure she has a good infectionous doctor. Please let me know how she is doing. Concerned from NC  I have experienced coffee ground emesis (vomit). It is what digested blood looks like as it has passed through the GI tract. It often turns out to be an ulcer, but it could also mean it could be a mass of some sort and should be dealt with immediately. If you don't already have a Family Physician that can help expedite his endoscopy by calling their office and requesting that, and if he is growing weak, has lost weight then go to the ER again with a sample of his vomit if possible. Be sure they draw his blood and check his complete blood count to look for infection and for hemoglobin. He may also need a CT scan of his abdomen. After 2 months they must show some pathology! Insist that it is an emergency and that his endoscopy must be done STAT (right now). If you have to ask for the MD in charge. If that doesn't work, ask also for the Patient Representative. It is true that the squeeky wheel does get the attention! I think he has been more than patient and it's time to get some answers. Good luck.  I dont see any appropriate answer to this question besides keeping a close eye on the person mean while taking them to the ER. They can be VERY serious, and should be taken that way to avoid complications that could have been avoided. keep them awake....  Nausea and vomiting are usually harmless and the color of your vomit will reflect what was in your stomach at the time. Here are some things to consider:  Here is some information on that I hope will be helpful. However, before you make any changes it's best to give your pediatrician a call and have him or her examine baby in person. The WebMD Answers Staff  You could be but the best way to know is go get a test done  yes  And hurts so badly to breathe while having an attack  hmm...don't eat too soon before/after you eat. that could be it.  Could be some sort of allergic reaction. Are there similarities in the foods he can/can't keep down?  It is possible that you are pregnant but it could also have been a miscarriage. You should definitely go see your doctor. It is pretty uncommon to get a false positive on a pregnancy test. Good luck to you  Antibiotics kill the good bacteria in your intestinal tract. Try eating yogurt or taking asadopholis tablets. Even if this doesn't help it cannot hurt you. You would be surprised how much good can be gained by consuming the correct foods and suppliments when needed. Good Luck.  This sounds like a problem with her Gallbladder. My advice is to see a doctor immediately. or go to an ER. If it is her Gallbladder, you should not try to treat her at home. Hope this can be cleared up soon for your sake and for hers.  is it right side & if so you should get to a doctor could be appendix is bad.  Yes,if it is something simple great.but if it is the beginning of something more serious earlier intervention will save you stress and her suffering.  Maybe its Gastritis  I had gastritis and it made me vomit from eating, made me extremely nauseas. You also might have GERD. You need to take prilosec and watch out for trigger foods.  you may have a rib out ,u could just need your back popped.  I am not sure what this is but it sounds serious. It appears that you have taken your son to the doctor already to get some answers and that they have ruled out several things. Talk to your doctor again as you need to get to the bottom of his health problems. If you feel your doctor isn't taking this seriously you could try another one. Ask for a recommendation from family and friends, and make sure you have copies of his records and test results. Trust your instincts. If you feel something is wrong then find someone who is willing to help.  I'd be curious if you hit your head when you broke your wrist. If you hit your head the same time you broke your wrist, you need to tell your doctor about your symptoms ASAP. The syptoms you describe are usually neurological. (Brain related.)  No it is common for dogs to eat grass. I have 3 Dachshunds and they do it all the time. They may be lacking something in there diet. I would not be concerned.  yes they do so that way if u are they can help u out alot better  no it isnt the shot actually carries influenza virus so its very common to get the flu after having the shot  since he is a diabetic you need to have him see a doctor right away  take him to his doctors  I would seek medical attention right away from a gastroenterologist. Sounds like too much weight loss too fast and any time you have blood in your stool it needs to be checked out. Soon as possible.  Your friend needs to seek medical attention right away .Take him to the emergency room.  Yes  You need to see a Gastrointerologist immediately!! You also need to check your diet. I stopped eating all processed foods and animal products. So far this is what has worked for me. You must learn about nutrition. Almost everything in these grocery stores will make you sick if you don't eat natural foods grown from mother earth. You need to check irrital bowel syndrome (IBS), Ciliac Disease, Chrones Disease and all of the intestinal deseases that you may have.....praying for you!  only thing I could think,is puberty.  go to ER possible appendicitis.  try drinking lots of liquids, sodas with carbenated water in them work for me  What are you doing differently or taking? Any laxatives, diet teas, or supplements? It sounds like you are taking something like sena that would cause this. Anything that has a laxative effect taking in large quantities will do this. If not then go to the Doctor, not something to be casual about.  Most definitely YES . Blood in the stool in never normal, and from what you have described, it is very serious indeed. If you have lost a significant amount of blood through this, it can be a life-threatening situation.  yes  I am an adult with add, and I was always sick to my stomach taking Ritalin. I lost 17 pounds and felt agitated most of the time. I stopped using Ritalin and started taking a product that my neighbors daughter was having good success with. So I started taking the flavay got my weight back, and no more nausea. Sometimes I have gas but I don't think it's related. I think I snack too much, anyway that's what my wife says.  Sounds like food poisoning...from undercooked food. I would seek medical treatment.  parasitic infection  I have lower abdominal cramps. Have been taking antibiotics and now I have a black stool. Is this normal?  You should still go and see your Docter. ? So they are aware of this , It can also be stress related ? My son in law , he had some kind of fit? Doctors cannot get to bottom of why. :-)  you need to take her to the hospital immediately and dont let her fall asleep, keep her up until a doctor is able to see her  I think you need to see a doctor after 3 weeks of vomiting. This sounds like more then the flu or gastroenteritis. Could you possibly be pregnant? I suggest seeing your doctor or going to the ER where they can run tests. Good Luck and hope you feel better soon...  could this be a hernia?  how's your diet? i'm just guessing, you can try to change your diet when you have your period lower your estrogen hormone level  sounds like it could be your appendix or your gallbladder. I would go to your family doctor or your local ER.  Eat lots of vegetables instead of fruit.If you have a juicer you can add various vegetables this is a quick and fantastic way to get your 5 a day  yes  try and get tested,i used to have upper stomach gnaws occassionally that could lead to,diarrhoea and vomiting,then it clears,and comes back after about 6 months but for about 3 yrs,just recently i got diagnosed with H.pylori after they tested my blood sample and am better after medication.  The symptoms you're describing can definitely be related to pregnancy. Have you tried taking a pregnancy test yet? If your menstrual cycle is late enough you can take a test to find out. If you are pregnant schedule an apt with an ob/gyn right away, if your test is negative you should go see your doctor anyway. Good Luck and I hope you feel better.  It could be a virus such as norovirus that comes from food poisoning. Because of the severe abdominal pain and because you are not getting better, I would go to the ER. Marieh9  That medicine is okay for anxiety, some people do have side effects but that goes along with all medicines. If you are not sure about taking it tell your doctor and they can try something else, but you may still have side effects. There are some otc sleeping aids you could try with less side effects, but I don't know how bad your anxiety is. You would just have to try and see. And if you just do that many a month you may be okay. But you need to talk to your doctor. Hope you find the right thing and get better.  Perhaps you should make a date w/a gastro dr. In the meantime do not drink coke or gingerale to keep hydrated/ drink your fav flav of gatoraide. the fizz in sodas work against you when gasious or nauseus. I tried vanilla wafers to hold me over. The Rn I spoke to offered that advice, my contual projectle vomitting since like march 2013 gives me problems 10 or more days a month. Being on long term narcotics is the evil incarnate of my owm making. But once I got My Pain pump put in i was on 96%less medication. and i am now on a controlled release of 8mgm of morphine daily. My neighbor figured out that the ambitious new neighbor wasnt a alcoholic and when I see them out side now they dont pretend not to see me. Hell. they even smile!!!!!  I think one of the most frustrating things in the field of medicine is the overall feeling by Physicians that all patients are created equal. They consistently confuse the patient rights with the Bill of Rights, oh, but if they would only learn. I started a few years ago to be my strongest, most vocal, most knowledgeable, most interested advocate of them all when it came to my health care. It is my body, my mind, and nobody, I mean nobody knows it nor should they better than I. If I can go to an appt. prepared with questions, about what I think might be wrong, and have a discussion, I feel alot better than it being a crap shoot. Two years ago, if it hadn't been for me and Web MD I swear my doctor would have killed me. If you can't take the medication with throwing up, switch doctors, if he is new doctor, provide previous records. If he won't listen to reason, report him. If you are on the up and up about NOT being able to take the Tylonol, then you are allergic. and the answer of ," because that's the way we do it, is not treating the patient under the oath that doctor has taken. So you have to make a choice. Take the meds he gives you, change doctors, or you can report to the States Insurance Comm. for not providing adequate care, file it and see what happens. If you're abusing the opiates and he knows it,well then you answered your own question quite honestly. I worked for a pain mgt. physician in Daytona Beach some years back, and I got to know the patients very well. I liked them alot, but my eyes were not Eyes Wide Shut. If he has your current records if he is a new doctor, with those and learning more about who you are as a patient and a person he may come around,. I have doctor do that to me even with something like nausea meds. I was told what I was taking was making me to sleepy. I had been taking it for several years, it had yet ever to make me sleepy. I told the doctor, drugs like this that are suppose to have that affect don't on me, their fine. She didn't prescribe them, gave me another drug, that didn't work, and made me sick to my stomach.. and I told her that nicely but it was true. Listen to your patients... Best of luck to you and I hope you can somebody who will work with you. mental  Just wanted to add!!! That I have seen my doctor yesterday. I didn't think to ask him whether I should be off of work. He did mention that this may take a week to recover from. My pregnancy test came back negative as well.  I was digagnosed with HH 3 weeks ago. I have been having trouble swallowin, vomiting ans burping for years. I had the endoscopy 3 weeks ago. I too have developed incresed symptoms after that procedure. Constipation ,chestpain, and unable to burp although I need to. Great pressure builds up. I feel like there is something tied around my neck. I cannot eat meat or anything with real substance. Just liquid and soft food like apple sauce. This is horrible.  The little one can easily get dehydrated. If there is a high fever then probably call your dr. The yellow green substance is bile and there is nothing in the child's stomach. When my kids were like this we tried ice chips a few at a time.  sounds like she may have acid reflux try not her eat for two hour before bedtime  It could be your gallbladder. If you still have your gallbladder, speak to your physician about your symptoms. He should be able set you up with a HIDA scan to see if that is what is causing your discomfort.  There are many reasons why you could have stomach pain after eating and nausea. Some diagnosis are serious and need medical attention right away. I would schedule an appointment with your doctor ASAP. Be prepared with a complete list of symptoms and see if you can identify potential triggers i.e. certain foods, beverages, time of day, frequency, duration etc. The more information you can provide your doctor up front the faster he might be able to give you a diagnosis and treatment. I'm wondering why this appears under Ulcer? Have you been diagnosed with Ulcers before?  Blood appearing in both places obviously relate to the digestion system. The color of the blood is significant in each area. My thoughts at first were the stomach, but the doctors should have ruled out an ulcer. Blood in the vomit , ( I think) has to come from either the esophagus , or stomach. Blood else where usually develops in the intestine. Chron's disease has theses symptoms, but as I mentioned earlier, with the all the test, I would think that, if Chron's, it would have been diagnosed. Doctors need our help at times. Maybe suggest possible ulcers in the stomach and or intestine. Also mention Chron's as any other auto-immune disease. I believe a simple blood test can rule out most. However I hold no certified medical training. I've found that I have had to take control of my health by being informed and researching problems and therapies. Several times it was me, not my doctor, that provided the knowledge to heal myself, although I did need her to write the prescription. Second and or third opinions are always appropriate actions when your doctor is or has not diagnosed your problem.  Your age is needed to appropriately feel-out a possible diagnose. However my best guess is that you are experiencing symptoms from two or more problems. The neck and left arm pain could be a bulging disc at the C7 vertebrae,which I too have recently experienced. Chiropractor adjustments with following massages, successfully relieved the numbness and pain in my arm; the neck pain still exist, but could be related to the arthritis,which has developed from my injuries. Be careful to to seek treatment a.s.a.p. because without treatment the spine normally worsens. If you experience extreme pain, nausea can develop, but diarrhea is not related. Diarrhea could possibly come from a case of "irritable bowel syndrome" (IBS), or polyps in the colon. Change of diet will drastically improve your symptom's. "Hot flashes" normally result from the loss of the hormone estrogen. It begins to depreciate, in the body, during menopause. With your heart racing, vomiting, and fear; I'm reminded of anxiety, or "panic attacks". Deep breathing, meditation will improve anxiety. And problems with vision could be related to the spine, blood pressure, or the need for glasses because of age. If you are "middle age"; see a doctor; but get use to these type problems for your body is beginning it's shut down process. Worrying does not help, it is only making things worse for you. Get the sleep your body needs and make sure your water intake is appropriate! Sleep is very important as is water! Try to keep your spine in the natural position while sleeping. Seek out free clinics, state or government help, someone that you know may have the answer for you. Believe for yourself healing and it will come!   I am not one to vomit unless deathly sick; however when experiencing PMS my belief is that anything can happen. It reminds me of the menopause I experience now. Fever is usually related to some type infection, either bacteria, or viral.  A1c levels will spike out after illness and during illness they will be low  Sounds like postnasal drip. You either have a virus or its allergies. Think of it like a runny nose that drips down your throat. Can be pretty discomforting to the stomach as well.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  u mentioned so less symptoms...anyhow with such possibilities cholecystitis is quite possible.......  find new doctor!!!  yes wether he is diabetic or not kind of sounds like v.g.e  Every time I've ever been they have tested me for pregnancy because of things like xrays and certain medications. They also need to know in case you need a blood transfusion or other specific procedures.  Maybe, you should'nt push ur toothbrush to the back of your throat. Brush your tongue not your tonsils.  I should also add that my temperature runs low - I am usually 97.6 so a fever of 100 is significant.  