Sciatic nerve, which comes from your lower back.  Depending on your current personal status, there are a number of reasons for increased appetite. Here are some; change in physical activity, new romance, increased sexual behavior, increased stress, cold weather based on your location, thyroid levels changing and acquiring a parasite that may be eating all of your nutrients. Seeing a doctor and requesting a blood test is a good idea.  Put her shoes on the wrong feet. Left shoe on right foot and right shoe on left foot. My sons grandmother gave me that advice for the same problem, it worked.  A bad sprain is more painful than a break. i have experienced both (you will recover faster if you use it. (carefully doing some walking and assisted standing while holding a support a few times a day. Progress from here. Do not lay in bed for a year!  Go to emergency room now before possible seriously complications could KILL this person (tiny debris could stop heart!!)  My opinion, it has to do with the fact that you just strenuously exercised the muscles in your legs and with going to bed right after, you didn't give your muscles proper time to relax with a good stretching period after your workout. They are probably cramping and tightening up. I would suggest you try to hydrate before, during, and after, your workout and give yourself a good 10 minute stretching cool down before heading to bed.    2,000 calories on average  Not that I'm aware of..!!  So, what did you find out? Broken 5th metatarsal?  continued.... The floor is a smooth concrete and provides no cushion so every time I step the pain amplifies. I bought doctor Scholl's work inserts the result was the same no relief. Last night I took my old inserts and put them in with the Dr Scholl's inserts hoping it would double the padding but still no relief. I take extra strength off-brand tylenol when I get to work and about 1am at lunch which helps very little. I am willing to pay for a new pair or steel toe work shoes or work boots. I am in the military and the cheap boots they give us never hurt me through all the marching, standing and working, nearly as bad as this does. If you have any Idea what kind of steel toe boots or steel toe shoes that would work for me please feel free to post a link to them. I would like the price to be 150$ or less but willing to go more if they will stop this awful pain.  What you are describing is called orthostatic hypotension or postural hypotension. A drop in your blood pressure occurs when you go from either lying or sitting to standing. This type of low blood pressure (hypotension) usually lasts only a few seconds or minutes. Orthostatic hypotension can make you feel dizzy or lightheaded, and may even cause you to faint. Mild orthostatic hypotension often doesn't need treatment. Many people occasionally feel dizzy or lightheaded after standing, and it's usually not cause for concern. The treatment for more severe cases of orthostatic hypotension depends on the cause. Orthostatic hypotension can be caused by a variety of conditions including dehydration, diabetes, heart problems, neurological diseases such as Parkinsons disease, medications, and longstanding high blood pressure in older adults. If you have orthostatic hypotension caused by medications, your doctor may change the dose or switch you to a different drug. Other treatments include increasing fluids to treat dehydration or wearing elastic hose to increase the blood pressure in your legs. See your doctor to determine whether your symptoms are related to an underlying condition that warrants treatment and, if so, what treatment is appropriate for you.  Your friend could have a pinched nerve or a badly damaged ligament. The ligaments are attached to the bone, so if she pulled some that is likely what is causing her pain. If it hurts for her to tense the muscles this also makes me think that it is probably a ligament.  If you are allergic to cortozone or any of it's compounds then yes it could be an allergic reaction. The best thing to do is ask his Dr.  Stop exercise to reduce inflamation. Once its inflamed it is easier to irritate it and keep it inflamed.  To be honest, my cramps were much less severe (and sometimes I never even had cramps) while I was on birth control. However, if you don't truly need birth control, I would advise finding another method to control your cramping. Think about what birth control is and what it does to your body. You are literally swallowing one tiny pill that completely changes the mechanics of your body. I don't know for sure what types of negative effects they have truly linked to birth control, but it all just seems too much to be necessary. I don't take any pills if I do not have to, to keep junk out of my body, but when my cramps get horrible I have found advil liquigels work much better than midol and the like. There are also many natural alternatives that are simply an internet search away.  I'm not a doctor or have any medical experiance but what you just described is what happend to me about 3 months ago. I'm 32 years old and have no history of them, It sounds like he had a small petit mal seizure. It can come out of nowhere, even if there is no history of seizures, sometimes its called an absence seizure. As for the weight gain I'm not sure at the moment I am still trying to figure it out I have gained 20 pounds since my injury. I hope this helps a little bit.  ADL's (ACTIVITIES OF DAIL LIVING) is a broadly used term that is not confined to just the orthopedics branch of health fields. It stands for those self-care tasks that are routinely completed on a daily basis. These tasks may include such activities as walking (ambulation), exercising, bathing, cooking, shopping, and managing money. I hope that this answer has been helpful.  It depends where you live. If you have an accessible walk-in clinic, you should by all means go there and be evaluated. Your foot deserves to be evaluated by a medical professional. Your local government should be able to provide you with a list of emergency clinics in your area. Your medical insurance provider should also be able to provide doctors in your neighborhood. Also seek referrals for medical care from friends, family, and neighbors. The walk-in clinic may also be able to refer you to family doctor in your neighborhood. I live in the state of Florida and walk-In-clinics to assess medical complaints and minor injuries are common place. Three different walk-in facilities seem to exist. - One of the clinics is typically manned by a physician and a medical assistant who may treat colds, coughs, infections minor cuts ,bruises, and the like. Most of the time appointment are not required. Any condition that is suspected to be more serious will be referred to a hospital emergency room to assessed. - A second walk-in clinic does exist within 2 miles of my home. A major hospital has an emergency satellite site and is equipped with a physician trained in emergency medicine, physician assistants,at least 6 registered nurses, diagnostic equipment like x-ray machines ,cat scan machines, EKG monitors along with paramedics & emergency medical technicians to draw blood. If inpatient services are required, a transfer to the major hospital is completed through ambulance transportation. - The 3rd walk-in emergency walk-in situation is located within many major hospitals and are set up to handle most medical problems including heart attacks, emergency surgery conditions, and inpatient care.  Your experience could have been caused by literally dozens of conditions. Some of the possibilities include: I suggest that you start off by seeing your family doctor. That person knows your medical history best and can begin a basic investigation by way of diagnostic testing. Additionally, the family doctor may refer you to other medical specialists including a cardiologist and neurologist.  Yes, it is possible that you had a heart attack. Undiagnosed heart attacks happen frequently and can be serious. Some studies suggest that up to 25% of all Myocardial Infarctions (Heart Attacks) are of the "Silent Type" where the heart is damaged by a lack of oxygen. Women are especially prone to "silent heart attacks". This type of heart attack may present with symptoms less dramatic than those as described in the "elephant sitting on my chest" variety . With vague or even no symptoms occurring, the heart attack may be overlooked and picked up later on EKG studies. Some of the symptoms as you described happening two weeks ago fit with those seen in "silent heart attack" victims (chest pain and weakness). An acute myocardial infarction can lead to chronic heart failure where swelling of the ankles is a common symptom. A second heart attack may occur bringing with it even more heart damage. My suggestion is to notify your medical doctor of your chest pain and swollen feet and ankles. Your current symptoms and the recent unsettling medical event deserve to be professionally assessed. If you feel like you may be having a heart attack or cannot talk with your doctor soon, then a visit to the hospital emergency room is justified. Minutes save lives and you may not get a second chance. With even a remote possibility of your having had a heart attack, It is better to err on the side of caution and see a doctor.  Those last 10 pounds always tend to be the most difficult to lose. Walking seems like a reasonable compromise in order to reach your weight goal. As you know, losing weight is best accomplished through reducing calories and increasing activity level. An online diet calculator reports that a one (1) mile brisk walk should burn about 100 calories. Given the 5 mile scenario, that translates into burning off 500 calories during your walk. That same diet calculator suggested that a person taking in 1,800 calories per day would have to reduce their caloric intake by roughly 500 calories per day in order to lose one (1) pound per week. The numbers seem to work. Best wishes for your success.  I used a weight calculator program to arrive at the below listed daily numbers: To maintain your current weight- Calories: 1,767 Carbohydrate: (55%) 972 Protein: (15%) 265 Fat: (30%) 530 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To Lose one (1) lb. per week Calories: 1,267 Carbohydrate: (55%) 697 Protein: (15%) 190 Fat: (30%) 380 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To Gain one (1) lb. per week Calories: 2,267 Carbohydrate: (55%) 1,247 Protein: (15%) 340 Fat: (30%) 680 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please Note: ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Problems with balance, leg weakness, and dragging of the heal are suggestive of a neurologic system condition. I recommend that you discuss your symptoms with a physician. They may refer you to a neurologist for a full work-up. Six months is too long for your symptoms to have gotten worse without being professionally evaluated. Congratulation on achieving 82 years of life.  Having giddiness feelings while thinking of something unpleasant may in itself be an inappropriate laughter response. But, experiencing negative neurological symptoms accompained with giddiness needs to be assessed by a medical professional. The type of euphoria that you detail is typically a result of drug abuse or taking medications that are producing emotional side-effects, tic conditions, tourette syndrome where outburst of laughter can occur, anxiety, sleep deprivation, and other emotional and physical disturbances. I suggest that you have a conversation with your family doctor who may order blood testing and complete a through evaulation of both your giddiness and balance defects. That person may then refer you other medical professionals such as a neuroligist or psychologist to determine an exact diagnosis and treatment.  There are 5,280 Feet in a mile. The amount of steps in a mile must be calculated for the unique person being tested in order to allow for individual walking stride differences. Here is the process that I would use to determine Your individual walking stride and the total steps covered by you in a walking mile.  Yes, limit walking on this injury. A foot contusion is another name for a bone bruise of the foot. Even that term is misleading because a foot contusion is really a fracture of the outermost bone layer. It can be painful with recovery taking 6 weeks - 12 weeks. Hopefully you iced and immobilized the injured area soon after its occurrence to reduce the recovery time. Although unusual, a foot contusion can take as long as a year to completely heal. I suggest seeing a foot doctor to thoroughly exam the injury and make medical recommendations. The foot doctor can prescribe special socks that are cushioned and padded shoes to make your recovery more bearable. Consider using a cane, walker, or crutches to complete daily tasks until you see the doctor. You should also be receiving some medication to reduce discomfort from pain.   Yes, according to a WebMd article (see link below), some people with bronchitis will develop pneumonia. http://www.webmd.com/lung/differences-between-acute-bronchitis-and-pneumonia There are similarities between bronchitis and pneumonia in that both conditions affect the respiratory system. Both conditions can also be caused by either viral or bacterial infection agents. But they are two distinct conditions as follows: Bronchitis suffers experience inflammation of the lungs passageways that restrict air being carried to the lungs. It usually responds well to antibiotic treatment. Pneumonia is usually thought to be a much more serious condition. It can be defined as an infection of the lung tissues that blocks the (alveoli) air sacs of the lungs (Sometimes with a pus-like exudate).  Smoking and pulmonary exertion can definitely effect Asthma. If you have been told you may have it in the past, my advice would be this; 1. Put down the cigs and avoid smoke, strong smells and fast temp changes (i.e. stepping out of a warm car into cold air.) 2.Start deep breathing exercises. My doctor had me start with just ten a day. He said to find a quiet relaxing place where I can time my breaths. Breath in slowly and deeply until it is uncomfortable and hold it until you can't. Do this ten times, timing each, trying to hold it the same amount with each breath. Each night try holding it a little longer. You will be amazed how well this will help, 3. Check with a doctor. Your lungs are just one of the things that may be causing shortness of breath. You may need an inhaler to help open your pulmonary tubes. 4. Ask ten smokers over 40, when they started and why. Also ask if they had it to do over again, would they do the same. Both my kids tried smoking in college. After doing the math on how much the habit will cost in a life time and talking to experienced smokers, they both decided to stop before it became additive, and believe me, no matter how little you use cigs, they will become additive. Good Luck! and use your head!  It can but in most cases it can be just as simple as dehydration or over exertion. Try drinking plenty of fluids and take vitamins. If the cramping continues, consult a doctor. Drinking 1/4 to 1/2 a measuring cup of pickle juice can help to stop cramps. Several coaches tell their dehydrated players to drink pickle juice when Gatorade is not available. Read the odds of having a serious illness and eliminate the more common first.  Even though I could walk, even after falling? What are the possible injuries?  I wouldnt do the walk. Find a ride or reschedual(sp) I have sprained my ancles several times & the dr orders are always the same "secure it & stay off it''  & yes to the crutches  I worked with a man in a very stressful job that caused evryone to sweat alot, and he was complaining of cramps, and cheast pains. For him the answer was more fluids and potassium and to replenish his vitamins that his body flushed out through sweat. Please see your Dr. and get some labs done as soon as possible.    I think you might want to talk to a doctor about this, especially if it's happened more than once. I don't know what other health conditions you might have (I'll assume none) or your fitness level, but at 18, feeling lightheaded with a rapid heart rate doesn't sound normal, not least of all since you said it was very sudden. It could, like a lot of scary events, be something relatively minor, but it would probably be best to get it checked out just in case.  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem plz click here : confidentdentalcare .  For your any dental problem click here : confidentdentalcare  my heart rate only goes up after eating if I eat things I know I have a sensitivity to, or eat too much salt or caffeine.  NO  YES  YES  GROIN MUSCLE PULL  G I BLEED  I would recommend that you visit with your doctor before starting an exercise routine and to fill out a Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire (PAR-Q), such as one found here: https://www.cmich.edu/fas/ras/urec/Memberships/Documents/Par_Q.pdf. The second question asks if you feel pain in your chest when you do physical activity, to which it suggests that you meet with your doctor. You may be able to do exercise as long as you start slowly and gradually build up or you may be restricted with the types of activities that you can do. You doctor will work with you to diagnosing any problems and guiding you with how you should approach physical activity.  Establishing a good relationship with your doctor is perhaps one of the best things you can do for your health. Its important to routinely visit a doctor because some diseases and conditions wont present with outward warning signs or symptoms; so the only way to know your risk is to get checked out or tested. Its essential that you find a doctor that you can trust and who embodies a similar philosophy regarding health as you. Do proper research beforehand. Ask friends or coworkers who they would recommend, call your insurance company for their guidance, or visit the WebMD physician finder (found here: http://doctor.webmd.com/home.aspx ) that you can use to find doctors near you. The WebMD site allow you to pull up a profile of each doctor where it displays information like their education and training to help you make a more informed decision. Narrow your decision to a few potential candidates and then try doing internet searches for them to see if you can find reviews that people have written based on their experiences with that doctor. Make sure theyre in your network if you have insurance as well. Perhaps a good way to get over your distrust of doctors is to play a more active role in your health. Ask questions so that youre well informed of what your doctor is doing or why your doctor recommends something. Remember, its your health and you always have the right to refuse anything if you dont feel comfortable or dont fully understand the reasoning behind it. Ask your doctor to allow you time to do more research before making any big decisions as well. Dont worry If youre still not happy after visiting your doctor or your experience didnt go well; you can always try to find another doctor that better meets your needs.  Sitting all day at a sedentary desk job can increase your risk for heart attack or stroke, and can increase your risk of developing many other different health conditions. Therefore, its important to incorporate as much physical activity as possible throughout the day. First, discuss your concerns with your employer to see how they may be able to help address your concerns. If your employer allows, try setting up your desk so that you can occasionally stand while performing your normal work functions, as some studies have demonstrated standing to be more favorable compared to sitting. Although expensive, some employers have been willing to equip their office with a treadmill desk that their employees can sign-up for and take turns using throughout the day. Also, set regular intervals to get up and walk around the office for five to ten minutes. Frequent, small breaks can help break up the prolonged sitting that is so detrimental to your health. Try using a restroom or break room on an opposite side of the building or on a different floor altogether. Try doing desk exercises as well. Check out this article from WebMD for ideas on how to incorporate stretching and exercise at your desk. Stay active on a lunch break by taking advantage of any on-site or nearby fitness centers or even dedicating some time to go for a walk. Remember, every little bit counts.  Do not confuse pain severity with an ACL tear. Torn is torn. If you tore your ACL you do not HAVE to fix it, however based on the activities you like to do or if you are having instability symptoms you may want to. The MRI will not quantify your pain. It is merely a picture. However it will show what other structures you may have also damaged with this injury. There are many functional people with ACL deficient knee who do just fine, however if you like turning twisting or cutting sports you may want to consider getting this reconstructed.  Achilles tendon which is located on the back of your leg and foot or is the pain actually at the bottom of your heel. Given your comments your problem could be a condition called plantar fasciitis. Typically this condition is at the bottom of the foot, heel region. It can also be closer to the Achilles and you can experience pain slightly higher on the back of the heel near the Achilles. Here's one article on tendinitis - http://www.consumerhealthdigest.com/joint-pain/tendinitis.html, although hopefully it won't get that far but one thing that I would advise you to do, is to understand everything about what is happening as well as what can happen to your achilles, and to take it seriously. Read more about achilles tendon problems here -  Plantar fasciitis (PF) is a painful inflammatory process of the plantar fascia, theconnective tissue or ligament on the sole (bottom surface) of the foot. It is often caused by overuse of the plantar fascia, increases in activities, weight or age. It is a very common condition and can be difficult to treat if not looked after properly. Longstanding cases of plantar fasciitis often demonstrate more degenerative changes than inflammatory changes, in which case they are termed plantar fasciosis .[1] The suffix "osis" implies a pathology of chronic degeneration withoutinflammation. Since tendons and ligaments do not contain blood vessels, they do not actually become inflamed. Instead, injury to the tendon is usually the result of an accumulation over time of microscopic tears at the cellular level, Look up Plantar fasciitis - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  A definite break.  If you think your dog has poison ivy, you should definitely wash your dog, because if you are getting it from your dog, then that's going to keep happening until you get that resin off the dog. The one thing is, you can't spread it from yourself. So if you have poison ivy on your body and you scratch, that's not how you spread it. It might be from under your nails, or from your gardening toolkit, or from your dog, those can be sources of it, but it's not from the rash itself. The way to treat it is really to see your dermatologist and get a strong cortisone cream or ointment or gel to put on it to help dry it up. When it's bad enough, you may even have to take cortisone by mouth, which isn't the ideal thing, but sometimes when it's bad enough and it's uncomfortable, that helps knock it out pretty well. It can start even two to three days after your exposure. So I have had patients come in, and it's three or four days later, and all of a sudden the rash starts to come out. So it doesn't always happen right away. The one thing is, if you think your dog has poison ivy resin on its fur, you have about ten minutes from your exposure to go wash it off. So if you have any suspicion; if he is out in the woods and he starts running around and he comes back and touches you, and you know he was in an area where there was poison ivy, try to get inside as quickly as possible. You can use soap to get that off your skin, but after ten minutes it's in, and you are going to have to deal with it. Taking antihistamines also helps. So you can take that as well. Something like Benadryl or Claritin or Allegra, all those types of antihistamines can help a lot. But sometimes when it's bad enough, you just have to take Prednisone by mouth for up to two weeks even before it starts to calm down.  I would too. You need to see a cardiologist and get it checked out. Sounds like you have V-Tach that is not resolved. You are on a cardiac medication that might be needing an adjustment or some other kind of meds. Also, you need to tell your surgeon about the heart palpitations it could cause you to have trouble while having surgery. I would definitely get a work up before the spine surgery. Good luck.  I have pain in my lower left side also. It's been there for months. I have many tests. Doctors could find no reason for the pain. I would have it checked out if it continues.  It's perfectly normal for a person's pulse and blood pressure to rise when they walk or run. This happens because the heart must pump more blood -- faster -- to serve oxygen to the body's tissues. In fact, the whole purpose of "aerobic" activity like walking is to increase the heart rate. And if a person is "out of shape" (that is, they are moving from a very sedentary lifestyle to a more active one), the rise in pulse rate and blood pressure is likely to occur more quickly than it would in someone whose body is used to physical activity. That said, it's always a good idea to consult your doctor before starting any exercise program. I suspect your mother's primary care provider will clear her for an easy exercise program, such as walking, but it's better to check with the doctor first. I hate to dissuade anyone from walking because it's normally a harmless activity, and a pulse of 140 isn't necessarily "bad" (in fact, a pulse of 140 is lower than my own ), but I cannot give medical advice. And so, my suggestion is for your mother to check with her doctor to make sure walking is OK for exercise purposes. In general, walking is among the safest and most effective ways to lose weight and get the heart (cardiovascular) system into shape. Walking even for short periods of time or for short distances (to start) can be a good way to build up to more exertion, such as jogging. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're struggling with regaining your strength after hip replacement. That must be difficult to deal with! While I generally agree with your statement you must "use energy to have energy," I wonder if you're pushing yourself too hard, too fast. I realize it's been 9 months since your surgery, but if you've been pushing too hard for the entire 9 months, you may have set yourself back a bit. Remember: rest is good, too. Your body requires downtime to do things like produce hemoglobin. If you became anemic since the surgery, you probably should push your iron intake. I realize you're taking iron supplements now, but, frankly, they're not as effective as dietary sources. I'd suggest you increase your dietary intake of iron, as well as taking a supplement. I probably don't need to tell you spinach, iron-fortified cereals, tofu, and pumpkin seeds are all rich . If exercise is wearing you out rather than pepping you up, I suspect you're over-exercising. Try dialing down your regimen and see if that helps. I wish you all the best!  Thank you for reaching out with this question. It's an important one for others your age who have your symptoms. My advice? Check with your doctor before doing any exercise at all, even walking for exercise. He or she can give you specific instructions for what type of exercise(s) to do, for how long, and at what intensity. If you decide to walk anyway (hey, I know how you 86 year olds are!), please have someone with you at all times. Because of your weakness, I have a real concern about your falling and breaking a hip. Right now, you may need to focus more on diet than on exercising, especially since you say you feel extremely weak. I salute you for being a survivor and wish you many more healthful years! You inspire me.  If this situation has come on suddenly and is accompanied by any of these symptoms, please seek immediate medical attention: . I'm not trying to alarm you in any way, but time is of the essence when it comes to stroke. Do not think your age means it's impossible to have a stroke. Strokes are on the rise among younger people, especially those with risk factors such as obesity, diabetes, or hypertension. I hope this turns out to be nothing, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Best wishes to you!  Well, that's a good question. Have you had your ankle examined by a health care professional, or are you diagnosing this as a sprain on your own? Because your symptoms could be caused by a , for sure, but also by a fracture (break) in the ankle or the leg. So, I'd recommend you see a doctor as soon as possible to have the ankle examined. Your health care provider may want to take an X-ray to make sure nothing is broken. The symptoms you describe can be a normal part of the body's healing process. When we injure tissue, the body sends a big healing response to the damaged area. Various cells march into action, and these can cause the tissue to temporarily become hot and swollen. The pain is caused by nerves that have been irritated or injured. With any injury like the one you're describing, we recommend you elevate the injured area and apply ice packs. Do not place ice packs directly against the skin; use a towel or something in between. The usual recommendation is 20 minutes of ice, then 20 minutes with no ice. However, I again want to caution you to get examined by a doctor to make sure you haven't broken or dislocated a bone. So sorry you're hurting! I hope you get some relief soon!  Well, that's hard to say. The answer could depend on many factors, including your age and whether or not you've had any knee injuries. In general, it's not unusual for our knees to squeak, pop, creak and crackle when we walk or squat down. These sounds can be caused by a variety of things, including simple wear-and-tear to the cartilage within the knee joint or . As long as the squeaking isn't accompanied by pain, the sound probably doesn't mean anything. If you start to have pain associated with your noisy knees, then it would be a good idea to get it checked out. You can help keep your knees healthy by following these . As always, if you're concerned about whether or not there's something wrong with your knees, don't hesitate to make an appointment with your primary care provider. Good luck!  Sadly, I can't answer your question. You'll have to keep in close contact with her medical providers for that. But I did want to extend my thoughts to and your family (and especially your sister!) at this difficult time. I wish you all the best and hope for a positive outcome.  I'm glad you brought up a urinary tract infection (UTI) because that is the first thing that jumped into my mind. It's possible for UTIs to occur again and again. For that reason alone, it would be worth taking your father back to his primary health care provider for an exam. This will also give you an opportunity to discuss your other concerns with a medical professional. Not eating can be a sign of some underlying condition that requires treatment (or hospice care, depending on your father's wishes). It's not unusual for elderly people to gradually lose their sense of balance or to experience degenerative spinal problems that lead to weakness in the legs, arms, etc. Regardless of the cause of your father's balance problems, he may need to consider using an assistive device, such as a walker, on days when his balance isn't so good. Wishing you all the best!  To be honest, only your surgeon can answer that question. I recommend you call your surgeon's office and ask to speak to his or her nurse for guidance. In general, any type of surgery involves cutting through the nerves of the skin. That means it's not unusual for the skin area around an incision to feel numb for a period of time after surgery. Eventually, those tiny skin nerves will find new pathways to the brain and the numbness will go away. I wish you all the best in getting answers from your health care provider about this!  Well, that's no fun! You figure to pain with surgery, not create more, right?? It's entirely possible your gait changed after you had back surgery. Gait refers to the way you walk: how your weight is distributed on your legs/feet, the length of your stride, and so on. A change in your gait could certainly contribute to the symptoms you describe. The most common cause of heel pain is a condition called (pronounced "planter" "fah-she-EYE-tiss"). Plantar fasciitis is an annoyance but not a serious disease. Your health care provider can tell you whether or not you have plantar fasciitis or some other problem with your foot. He or she also should be able to tell you if this is related to your back surgery. I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider, to start with. Good luck to you!  Whenever a person hits an extremity hard enough to break the skin, we become concerned about a possible . Your friend probably would be well-advised to head for an urgent care facility for an X-ray, especially given the level of bruising you describe. Meanwhile, your roommate can elevate her foot, apply a compression bandage (like an Ace wrap) for moderate compression (don't wrap it too tightly!), and apply ice packs to the foot. These steps -- the so-called RICE approach for Rest, Ice, Compress, Elevate -- may help reduce swelling, which hinders the body's healing response. I hope your roommate feels better soon!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Unfortunately, it's impossible to say what could be causing this without a physical examination. I suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider as soon as possible because the earlier this problem is diagnosed, the better the outlook for treating it effectively. You're doing a wonderful service in caring for a disabled child. I salute you and hope you get a diagnosis soon!  Hm. Well, that's an interesting question. I'm sorry you're having this problem when you've just begun an activity that should be for your health, not vice-versa! I'd recommend you get this checked out by a physician. Many things could be causing the symptoms you describe. Only a physical examination can begin to solve the mystery. Best wishes on your fitness routine, and I hope your leg problem gets resolved soon!  I certainly think you should see a doctor about this. What you're describing sounds like very hard stool that is difficult to pass. This possibly could cause a eventually. It sounds like you've done some good things by eating plenty of fiber and trying laxatives. You should also be sure to drink plenty of fluids to stay well-hydrated. Some medications for acid reflux can cause , so be aware of that. Your health care provider should be able to help you figure out if you have a serious constipation issue or if there's something else going on. Either way, a medical professional can help you treat this and get back to having comfortable bowel movements. Best wishes to you!  Because you already have been diagnosed with , I'd suggest you contact your primary health care provider to inform him or her of this new symptom. And, in answer to your question, yes, this is a "new symptom." It may be related to the MS, or it may be caused by something else. Only your health care provider can tell you for sure. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. It just goes to show how negatively pain can impact so many aspects of our lives. I commend you for being committed to your sexual health and marital relationship. You're a good wife for wanting to build that intimacy back up! I'd suggest you start by assessing what non-sexual positions are the most comfortable for you. For example, if sitting in a chair provides relief, try adapting that for a sexual purpose. Have your husband sit on a chair and then sit on your husband, if that makes sense. Another suggestion is to try having sex in a water environment, such as the shower or a bathtub. This may be especially helpful if warm water gives you pain relief. Just be careful nobody slips! You may simply have to experiment to find positions that work for you. Do not be shy about seeking out aids, such as swings or slings that suspend from the ceiling, if you need something like that to help take pressure off your back during sex. A less expensive and less permanent solution may involve plenty of pillows to prop and support body parts. Again, experimentation is going to be key here. If you feel shy about expressing your feelings or needs to your partner, please don't hesitate to consult your doctor, a nurse, or a psychotherapist who's experienced in sexual health to help with communication and to help you find solutions. Believe me, they will understand your concerns and treat you with utmost respect. All the best to you!  I would suggest you consult your OB-GYN as soon as possible about this. There may be nothing at all wrong, but you do want someone to take a peek in there to make sure everything looks normal. An appointment with your OB-GYN also would be a good opportunity to discuss whether you should continue having , given this symptom. Wishing you and your baby all the best!  I'm sorry to hear about your troubles. I'm glad you made an appointment with your surgeon because that was the best action you could take. If you're not allergic to any medications, you could try some over-the-counter pain relievers for this, but if you're in a lot of pain I imagine you've already tried that. You can try combining acetaminophen (Tylenol) with a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) like ibuprofen to see if that gives you better relief. Just do not exceed the maximum daily dosing of either medication. You also might try applying heat or cold, or alternating the application of heat and cold. Remember never to place a heating pad or ice pack directly on the skin. The usual regimen for either one is 20 minutes on and 20 minutes off. If none of that works, you might call your neurosurgeon's office and ask to speak to his or her nurse or physician assistant (PA). They may be able to help you with some pain medication to manage your pain until you can be seen. Good luck to you!  Well, this certainly deserves to be investigated by a medical professional. I can think of a number of conditions that could cause the symptoms you describe. Hypoglycemia, possibly. But also seizure and stroke. So, it's important to get a true diagnosis and not rely on what he was told decades ago as a child. I'd suggest you start by calling your primary health care provider for an exam and blood work. That will give you and your husband a good start. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear this. Walking is excellent for your health. Except when it causes exhaustion! If this is a new symptom, I'd suggest you make an appointment with your primary care provider for an exam and some blood work. Many things can cause these feelings of tiredness, from seasonal allergies to anemia. Only a medical professional can give you a good answer. If you just started a walking regimen and are feeling tired all day, maybe it's because you're overdoing it. Try starting with a 10-15 minute walk, and then work up to longer time periods as your stamina increases. Of course, while walking is usually considered safe, no one should start an exercise program without their doctor's consent. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry you're going through this. I can't offer personal experience, but I have a few thoughts for you. All patients who undergo require physical therapy afterwards to rehabilitate the joint. If you have a prosthesis for your right leg, this rehabilitation will be easier. If you don't have a prosthesis, this might be a good time to consider one. But even if you have no prosthesis, your physical therapy team should be able to design a program that meets your needs. Having an amputated leg shouldn't complicate your recovery too much. Hip replacement surgery today isn't as grueling as it was 20 years ago. Techniques have improved, and the surgery today has a much shorter recovery period. I'd suggest you have a good talk with your surgeon about the potential pitfalls of recovery from total hip replacement after amputation of the opposite leg. If your surgeon doesn't have experience with this situation, I'd suggest you find one who does. Good luck to you!  I'm sorry you're going through this, and it's good of you to be concerned for the health and safety of others in your household. Yes, as you know, handwashing is key to preventing the spread of . Equally important is knowing to wash. Always wash: After you've gone to the bathroom Before you prepare any foods (even if it's only for your own consumption) Use proper handwashing technique, which consists of: Start warm water running Get your hands wet Apply antibacterial soap Work up a good lather, all the way to your wrist Rinse thoroughly (this is absolutely key ) Dry thoroughly Hold a towel or paper towel to turn off the water faucet Also, everyone in your household should be performing frequent handwashing, not just you. Other ways to help protect your family members: If possible, don't prepare any food for the others in your household. Don't share utensils (spoon, fork), towels, toothbrushes, the TV remote control, or anything you touch without disinfecting it first. Keep food preparation areas as clean as possible. You can use disinfecting wipes from the store to keep surfaces germ-free. Best of luck to you!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. You should make an appointment for an examination. Your balance problems could be caused by something as simple as fluid in the ear, or you could be experiencing the early symptoms of something more serious, such as Parkinson's disease. I don't say that to frighten you, only to prompt you to phone your primary care provider to get this checked out. Assuming you're not exhibiting any , you probably do not need to head to the emergency room. Just make an appointment with your doctor as soon as possible. If the symptoms suddenly get worse or are accompanied by a high fever, difficulty breathing or other serious symptoms, then definitely seek immediate medical care. Wishing you well!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through that. Leg pain can be so uncomfortable! It's hard to tell exactly what's going on without a physical examination, but my best guess would be . This annoying condition can affect people who jog for exercise, but they also can hit people who just once ran to catch a cab or something. If the problem is shin splints, the best advice is not to perform the activity that causes the pain. So, if this is occuring because you're walking fast for exercise, try slowing down your pace. If it just occurred randomly from a single activity (like catching that cab), then probably just resting the leg will allow for healing. There are more tips at the link above. Hope you feel better soon!  Well, this is an excellent question for the medical provider who ordered the X-ray. If the X-ray confirmed a fracture of the patella (kneecap), then your health care provider should have given you care and/or treatment instructions. Unfortunately, this isn't a question we can answer in a forum like this. Your health care provider will outline all of your treatment options (perhaps including surgery) and you, as an informed patient, will ask about the risks and benefits of each option in order to make a decision that works for you. Wishing you all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Foot pain can make it unbearably hard to get around! Your case study is very interesting. I've never heard of foot pain related to heart issues. But since you've been through this before, I'd suggest you listen to that inner voice that's telling you your foot pain may be related to some new development with your heart and make an appointment with your cardiologist to evaluate the situation. With luck, this symptom won't turn out to be related to your heart. But if it is, at least you'll have caught it early. All the best to you!  These are serious symptoms that deserve to be investigated immediately. While many conditions could cause the symptoms you describe, a major condition with these symptoms is . And stroke ideally should be treated within 3 hours of the onset of symptoms. Even if the symptoms have resolved by now, I urge you to seek medical treatment. At the very least, call the individual's primary health care provider to report what has happened. The provider may give you further instructions. I wish you both all the best!  I'm sorry to hear you're going through this. Have any of your medical providers done an X-ray of your abdomen? If not, I suggest you contact your primary health care provider and request one. Tell him or her you just want to make sure you're not walking around with a retained instrument or sponge. An X-ray is a cheap, fast way to make sure the surgeons left nothing behind by accident. If you've already had an X-ray to confirm there are no foreign bodies in your abdomen, then I'd suggest you consult a different doctor for a second opinion on what could be causing this pain. It seems like pain this severe should be attributable to some cause. I'd suggest you press your health care providers to find a cause for this pain. Wishing you all the best!  Great question! I'm glad it sounds like you came out of this with just a bad bruise. The warmth probably is simply a part of the body's natural healing process. Whenever the body sustains an injury to the tissue, it sends an army of cells to the area to repair the injury. This cellular activity can cause the area to feel warm. If this is what's going on, the warmth should go away within a few days. If the warmness persists, it might be worth having your leg checked out by a doctor, just to make sure you didn't bruise the bone and don't have an infection brewing in there. In any case, if you start to run a fever, then it's time to see a doctor. Otherwise, try to keep the leg propped up and maybe put a little ice on the area. Use a towel between the ice pack and your skin. Leave the ice on for 20 minutes, then off for at least 20 minutes. Hope this helps!  I'm sorry to hear your son's going through this, and I'm glad he sought medical attention. "Z-pack" is the common name for a particular dosing regimen of , which is an antibiotic. is the brand name of a combination medication that includes an expectorant (which thins and loosens mucus in the airways) and a cough suppressant. It should be safe to take both the Z-pack and the Mucinex-DM at the same time. In telling you this, I'm assuming your son has no known drug allergies. There are no known interactions between azithromycin and the ingredients in Mucinex. Best wishes to your son for a speedy recovery!  I applaud you for wanting to exercise more. That's almost always a good thing! I suggest you consult your health care provider about your leg issues. Many conditions can cause the symptoms you're describing, and if it's something benign (like simple of the legs), then walking despite the pain could well fix the problem. But your best bet is to see a medical professional for a diagnosis and to get cleared for exercise. I hope you're on your way to better health and pain-free living soon!  his pediatrician has referred to a pediatric orthopedic doctor. we have not gone yet, i just dont want any surprises and to be educated on any choices i may have to make or treatment he may receive.  Sounds like it may be Neuropathy. At first, you may notice numbness, tingling, abnormal sensations, or pain in your feet. Some people feel like they have socks on, even though they are barefoot. Over time, this feeling spreads to your legs and hands.  Most vaccines is a small dose of the live virus. The way it works is it allows your body to build it's own antibodies, so you may get symptoms when given the vaccine to fight off the virus now & in the future usually it will allow you to fight the illness while keeping you from getting the symptoms.  Conversations between Dr and patient are confidential and protected. Telling your doctor that you may have a substance abuse problem and asking for help will most likely result in the suggestion and encouragement to enter rehab; however your doctor cannot force you to go. Although in most cases cocaine abuse does not require detox, most individuals who use cocaine also have other substance abuse including alcohol, prescription painkillers and illicit drugs. In this case, medical detox treatment can help them remove all the toxic chemicals related to their substance abuse from their body. After substance abuse detox treatment most people benefit from going through a rehab program or participating in behavioral therapy. Substance abuse is more than a surface activity and usually stems from some deeper issue. A rehab program or counseling service will be able to help the individual get to the bottom of their cocaine use and help them resolve the issues. Groups such as 12- step groups and other non-traditional, non-12 step programs offer support within the community. These programs offer suggestions and explanations on how to avoid relapse. Gallus Detox Center is a private, inpatient medical detox facility that specializes in IV therapy medical detox. If you have questions about our facility or detox method, please call us at 855-338-6929.  No I've never had that problem.  Yes I have something more than that you want  We had this same exact thing happen, it is completly normal and has to do with the beginning of teething. We switched to a rice cereal for this which seemed to help a little and also used the triple-paste diaper rash gel. It helped a ton with the rash. Nothing to worry about though, as I said, this is normal and will pass as hard as it is watching your baby scream when you wipe them with this terrible rash.  you probably support most of your weight on the foot. Its probably just stress on the bones and joints. I have problems with my right ankle when i stand on it for to long and im flat footed as well. I would suggest getting an ace bandage (the brown stretchy ones) and wrapping your ankles before going to work. It will give you more support. don't wrap them to tight or you'll cut off circulation, but do it comfortably tight. If that doesn't help then try jell insoles. I hope this helps  Try Prilosec OTC  You really shouldn't try to walk too much if it hurts. And you should elevate it and alternate ice and heat at this point. Take some anti-inflammatory pills and rest it.  Symptoms like chest pain that come on during walking or other exertion can be a sign of heart disease. I recommend that you call your doctor now. Even if you do not have risk factors (like diabetes or high blood pressure), you could still have heart disease or another condition causing your symptoms.  Nexium is a medicine that is available over the counter and which can be used to treat heartburn symptoms but it should only be taken on a doctor's advise.  Before rising to a standing position, try stretching your leg out a few times before standing on it. You may be sitting a bit longer than you think if you are busy and lose track of time and the stiffness is due to sitting in one position with lack of motion. The entire time you are sitting, do leg stretching by simply moving your legs out straight while you are sitting at a desk or in a chair. If this worsens, and you find you can't walk at all for several minutes after sitting for short periods of time, you should consult your physician  If you just started walking this could be normal until your body gets used to the new exercising. However, if you are very active and are having a great deal of discomfort, you should see your doctor. The feeling of your heart as if it is being held or squeezed is not a normal reaction, that doesn't mean it's serious or life threatning by any means, but it certainly means you should consult with your physician. At only 14 yrs of age, you should not be experiencing this, and if you are saying this occurs with only walking a very short distance, you really need to see your doctor.  I would. It may just be a bruise, but you could have chipped or cracked a bone.  I have the same problem. I've found that getting an orthotic for your shoes will help with the foot pain, and before my shift starts, I usually take a couple of either Aleve, or some other type of pain relief. That tends to keep the pain level down & I'm not as stiff when I'm done with my shift.  Hey there! Well the reason that you feel dizzy may be because of the amount of sugar in your blood. Just remember that too much of it can cause diabetes. That is when your body cant take in sugar so it is used as extra body fat. That can lead to obesity and in severe cases it can lead to death. So it is a good idea to see your doctor and tell him/her that you have dizziness when walking. And he/she should give you medication.  This just happens to me at night  I wonder now after researching  The resume should be created for very well and it must be clear and effective. The resume should be created at more volume for related jobs. The name and your educational qualification are important in resume. The thesis writing guide is more support to prepare that effective.  The resume should be prepared at clear to understand by another quickly. The thesis writing guide should be explain for preparing the resume.  Hi, This sounds very unusual and if I was you I would either go to your doctor or visit your local hospital.  Definitely see a doctor about this. They might refer you to a neurologist if they think it's needed. I the same symptoms and more on top of those and I did need to have some tests done.  I would say to seek medical help ASAP! It could be anything from a blood pressure problem to a seizure or stroke. or could be something not as serious but get it checked out!  I kinda figured that it might be MS for the last few months now since my vitmain d and white blood cell count was low im getting concerned but my parent doesnt see it that way instead they blame it as common problem id get tested for it but the test are to painful for me to bare i could handle a MRI but that spinal tap from a neurologist no way that needle going in my back.  If the pain is sharp, and placed about a quarter of the way down the hip and to the back side of hip, it could possibly be sciatic nerve issue. A good Chiropractor can help.  hip injuries, stress or hyper-extended, over used muscles, try an anti inflammatory/ pain reliever  Immediately consult a doctor. You may have a cracked bone.  I don't know enough about your activity level. Surgery is usually recommended in people young to mid age, those wanting to lead a more aggressive or active lifestyle, and those who continue to experience symptoms of instability. These criteria usually emcompass most people.  This is a good question because when it comes to the elderly, we need to use different doses of medications that are much lower than normal. I would like to know the dose of the Ambien CR because the recommended dose is 6.25 mg due to the possibility of side effects in the elderly. If the patient is having these side effects on that dose, it's time to talk to the doctor or healthcare provider about other options, which may include Lunesta and Rozerem.  Based on the fact that you are having so much pain, and that you don't want to walk, I would advise seeing a doctor or health care provider immediately. This type of bite can lead to a serious skin infection, so you want to have it checked out especially due to the pain (It can be a warning sign of some type of infection).  Based on your age, your target heart rate would be between 82bpm and 114 bpm. This is based solely on your age. If you want to calculate this based on your fitness level you can use the Karvonen formula: Target Heart Rate = ((max HR - resting HR)  %Intensity) + resting HR Take your pulse at rest subtract this from max HR (220 minus your age) Multiply this by .60 and .70 to get your target heart rate range.  In the front  Yes, both cold weather and exercise can be triggers that lead to asthma symptoms. Other common triggers include allergies, heartburn, and sinus and upper respiratory infections. Here's a link to an article that describes various asthma triggers. http://www.webmd.com/asthma/guide/asthma-triggers Take care  This is normal. Your body is cold, so it compensates by decreasing blood flow to your extremities (hands and feet). The redness and swelling is your body trying to warm its extremities by increasing blood flow. The rewarding phase does hurt and depending on how cold you were it may hurt A LOT! For me I get cold toes and fingers from the house being 68 degrees. Put on some socks and a jacket (or more layers if needed).  I don't believe Medicare will cover a walk-in tub because it's not considered durable medical equipment. You would have to pay for this on your own.  No. Medicare does not pay for walk-in tubs. These are not considered durable medical equipment.  Do you take Stool Softeners or Laxitives,r eat a lot of Fiber? Too much Fiber or raw fruits and vegetables will cause gas and bloating in the lower bowel. Sometimes it becomes trapped between stool that you are unable to pass. If this continues you might see a good Specialist. You may have a condition that would cause this problem that could be easily treated with the right medications.  sounds like your rib is out of place. I have had this many times. it is very painful. i usually push on it to pop it in place, or go to my chiropractor for an adjustment.  It would be best to discuss this with your primary orthopedics doctor. Given your medical history of knee problems and procedures it may be helpful to get a second opinion from another orthopedics doctor. Having copies of your previous MRI reports and medical records that you can share with the doctor would also be helpful.  It might be arthritis. Turn to Yoga practice and you will find good relief from the pain  Sorry it may be a little late but see the response I just sent oilman2022.  It sounds like she may have a symptom we call "freezing," an inability to start walking or frequent disruption of walking in which her feet are stuck in one place. It is a PD symptom, and a very difficult problem to treat. Rarely, it is associated with a high dosage of a dopamine agonist (like Requip or Mirapex), and can improve somewhat with a reduction in these medications. It also may respond a bit by visual cues - and she can practice stepping over a line in the floor - or by "marching." President Harry Truman was thought to have PD in his later years, and would march to a cadence for his daily walks - but had trouble with walking at other times. I would also suggest that she have some physical therapy by a therapist with experience in PD.   Great idea on starting a food log! Since you have both nerve damage and fibromyalgia you are going to have to ease change into your life. So you don't stir your symptoms up. Also, a quick phone call to your doctor to make sure they are OK with you exercising would be a good first step as well. After you have your doctor's OK here are a few ideas. These type of exercise bikes have a chair seat and are much more comfortable for individuals with back problems. Start slow with just 5 minutes three times a week then as your tolerance builds add a second session of 5 minutes later in the day until eventually you can work up to either 2-15 minute sessions a day or 3-10 minute sessions a day. By splitting your sessions up that should make you more comfortable and avoid aggravating your spine and your fibromyalgia. By moving in water, your heart and muscles get the benefits of exercise without all the stress on your spine. Look around your community and I'm sure you will find a number of places that offer these. On the day of your first class arrive early and explain to the instructor your limitations so they can provide you with some modifications to exercises that might exacerbate your problem. Click on the hyperlink below to be taken there. You'll find tons of info on how to maximize your health. There is also a community forum that enables you to talk with others with fibromyalgia that way you can find ideas and strategies that worked for them. Pick one item and work on it, then when you've mastered that move onto the next item. For example, now that writing down what you eat is a habit pick another one--exercise for example. Call around and find a water aerobics class and set a goal of attending 2 classes a week. Once you've completed that goal then pick another-------------sleep for example. After you visit the fibromyalgia center, you will be amazed how many people are living active lives and managing their symptoms. You can definitely lose weight, just take it slow.  It looks like your exercise routine is sound. My only suggestion is make sure your the weights your using in your toning exercises are challenging. As you get stronger to continue to improve you will need to go heavier. Since you've got a strong exercise program on board now you have to look at your diet. I had a professor in grad school who summed it up this way, "you can't walk, run, or swim away from your diet." All of us struggle loosing that last 10 lbs and to be successful you need to make sure your eating clean. One of the best ways to do this is using a food diary. I recommend using That way you can determine the calories you need to hit your weight loss goals. One thing I really like about utilizing this is if I know I'm going out to a friends house for get together or to happy hour with co-workers I can shift my meals around to insure I can go enjoy myself and still stay on track.  The surprising thing about life after spinal fusion is how many activities you can pusue, however you do need to be caeful. Things to avoid: -sudden forceful twisting motions -spinal loading with your trunk excessively flexed or extended -activities that might unexpectedly and violently jar your spine -Olympic Lifting: the clean and jerk and other training lifts like Power Cleans -Martial Arts: Karate, Judo, Krav Maga Activities you can do: 1. Weight lifting: stay away from squats and deadlifts 2. Cycling 3. Swimming 4. Water Aerobics 5. Low Impact or Step Aerobics 6. Cross Country Skiing 7. Elliptical Trainers 8. Stair Climbing 9. Dancing: Avoid moves that excessively twist, flex, or extend the spine 10. Gardening Also look for groups or clubs in your area.Exercising with a partner or group always makes it easier. Look on the internet or in the newspaper for masters swim teams, walking and hiking groups or cycling clubs. Recommended Stretches Click on the link below it has numerous stretches that can help with directions and pictures of the stretches. Back Pain Help Center Finally exercise is a great way to maintain your health even after spinal fusion just keep in mind: 1. start and progress slowly 2. avoid activities that put your spine at risk 3. find an activity your enjoy For more info think about joining webMD's back pain community, this online group features back pain experts and people just like you who can pass along valuable info about living your best life. Click on the link below to learn more: webMD Back Pain Support Group  Karly, This is not a question that can be answered in this format. You really need to set up an appointment with your doctor and discuss it with them. Sorry  Walking on your breaks is an excellent choice. However, you might also want to work in some strengthening and stretching exercises as well. Strengthening Exercises (begin with one set of 10-15 repetitions and increase up to 3 sets of 15 repetitions for each exercise) 1. Sit to Stand: Just like it says stand up then sit down. 2. Body weight Squat: With your feet shoulder width apart, squat down as far as comfortable and then stand back up. 3. Push-ups: Yes just like you did in PE class back in the day. If you can't do them on the floor, do standing push-ups, standing an arms length from a wall, bring your arms to chest level and lean into the wall so your hands are touching the wall, then perform push-ups just like you would if you were lying on the floor. 4. Floor crunches: lie on the floor with your feet flat, knees bent and your hands clasped behind your head, slowly lift your upper back off the floor, pause and then lower down to the starting position. For some additional suggestions click on the links below, the bonus is they are videos so you can see how to perform the exercise with perfect form, decreasing the chance of injury. Don't forget to stretch, sitting hunched over in front of a computer day after day is a sure fire recipe for low back, shoulder and neck pain. Repeat each stretch 3 times 1. Half moon stretch: seated at your desk, sit up straight with both feet flat on the floor, raise your arms over your head with your fingers pointing to the ceiling, lift your torso up and then gently bend at the waist to one side (hold for a count of 10-15), return to the middle then repeat on the other side 2. Chest stretch: sitting up straight in a chair with both feet flat on the floor and your back unsupported, move your arms behind you then if you can clasp your hands. Next gently raise your arms or hands to the ceiling while keeping your back straight. (hold for a count of 10-15 seconds) 3. Neck Rotation: sitting straight in your chair, slowly turn your head to look over your shoulder, hold for a count of 5, then turn your head back to the center and turn to the other side. For some more stretching ideas click on the link below: Try these and see how they work. However if its been a long time since you've exercised or if you have a history of illness or injury be sure to check with you doctor before starting.  Congratulations on your decision to start a healthy lifestyle. To insure success, it's important to develop a plan. Visit the link pasted below to go to webMDs food and fitness planner. There you can register (for free) and get a ton information on nutrition and exercise. Since you have diabetes it's important to talk to your physician before beginning an exercise program as they might have some specific directions for you. That being said, generally well controlled diabetics can engage in many activities like weight lifting, walking, swimming, or group exercise classes just to list a few. Also click on the links pasted below to learn more about exercising with diabetes. Now, does that mean you can't start your plan until you meet with doctor? No! Pick one habit you want to change and start.For example, the USDA recommends that you consume 2-3 cups of vegetables a day. Are you meeting that? If not, develop a meal plan for the next 3 days that will enable you to meet this goal. Don't know any good vegetable recipes? No problem! Click on the link below to visit webMD's recipe finder and find out hundreds of ways to prepare vegetables that taste good and are good for you. Once you have met this goal, set another that you will meet the USDA's vegetable guidelines for one week then develop a menu for the week (include breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks). Once a healthy lifestyle choice becomes a habit pick another goal and develop a plan to meet it . Also besides using webMD's food and fitness planner, consider joining our online diabetes community, There you can talk with folks facing the same challenges you are and experts in the field of diabetes management. Follow the link pasted below to go to the diabetes community. Finally, congratulations again on your decision. Remember change takes time but it you develop a plan and stick with it you will see results.  Maybe you could start with smaller bouts of exercise instead of 50 minutes. Start walking for 5 minutes per day and as you feel stronger increase to 10 and so on. Make sure you eat something about 30 minutes before exercising, like a banana, yogurt or granola bar. If you are low on glycogen (stores of carbohydrates in muscle), it could increase your tiredness after exercise. If you continue to feel tired without a good reason, visit your healthcare provider for a full blood work-up. Certain nutrient deficiencies, like anemia, can also make you tired.  Hello,  DVT or deep venous thrombosis is a blood clot that forms in the deep veins often in the thigh or calf. Risk factors for DVT fall into two categories: inherited and acquired. Inherited risks include different conditions that cause the blood to clot more easily. The more common of these are mutations of factor V Leiden and the prothrombin gene. These may run in families. Some of the acquired risks include: 	Recent surgery 	Obesity 	Extended travel or bed rest 	Cancer 	Pregnancy 	Hormone therapy and birth control pills You report that you have at least two of these risk factors for blood clotsyour weight and your family history. Blood clots in the leg do not always have any symptoms at all. Symptoms when they occur may include any of the following: 	Swelling 	Pain or tendernesspossibly only while standing or walking 	Warmth in the skin 	Red or discolored skin 	Leg fatigue Because of your risk factors and symptoms, you should call your doctor right away. DVT is dangerous because a blood clot can travel from the leg and become lodged in the lungs. This can cause serious breathing problems and even death. Your doctor may recommend a blood test called a d-dimer, an ultrasound or an x-ray test called a venogram to help diagnose the problem. Click here for more information on the Symptoms and Diagnosis of Deep Vein Thrombosis.  Vaginal itching and burning can have several different causes. Most common are yeast infections and bacterial infections. Normal bacteria and yeast are both found in the vagina in a delicate balance. Some things including antibiotics, diabetes and pregnancy can upset the balance. This allows the yeast cells to take over. A yeast infection can result causing burning and itching. There may also be a thick whitish discharge. If you have any of these symptoms, you should call your healthcare provider. Here is a good article from WebMD on yeast infections. http://women.webmd.com/tc/vaginal-yeast-infections-topic-overview  Yes. Go back to your doctor to have your foot checked. He or she will have to look at the foot to decide what is wrong. Your foot has 26 bones. There are 5 long straight bones called metatarsals beneath the top of the foot. Each of these ends in bones called phalanges which are the toes. Tendons that move the toes are attached to these bones. Any bruising or swelling in the foot can affect the ability to move the toes by pressing on these tendons. Bruising or bleeding can also spread throughout the foot and up into the toes. Possibilities include a bad bruise, sprain or a small fracture that did not show up on the first x-ray. This is not unusual. Your doctor will decide whether further x-rays or other testing is needed.  I do not speak professionally on this topic but I have also been seeing doctor for a yr. with plantar fasciitis followed by pain on top of foot. In my case there is a subchondral cyst that caused fracture of 4th metatarsal which only showed up on MRI not x rays. Stick with all follow ups until you determine the cause of pain.  You definitely should see your doctor. The shortness of breath is a concern and you don't want to ignore that. In addition, your lack of bowel movements and change in size of stool is also something that should be checked by your doctor. I would go ahead and make an appointment, so you can get to the bottom of what's happening.  Diet, exercise, and especially weight loss if needed are the first things to try. If you are doing all you can in those areas, then the only other thing that will have a significant effect is medicine. Fish oil supplements may help but the evidence for them is conflicting with over-the-counter supplements and your triglycerides aren't high enough for prescription fish oil. You could try to work with a personal trainer and a nutritionist to see if you can optimize your program to lower your triglycerides even more. Otherwise, medicines may be your best option.  I can suppose, that you have intervertebral hernia. It would be better, if you go to the doctor and get MRI.  Could be a sprain, a fracture, your thumb could have been jammed, or you bruisied the bone during the fall and that hurts tremendously! Take ibuprofen it also helps swelling and pain. keep icing it, and as much as it hurts DO NOT baby it, or not use it. you need to try and move your wrist and thumb as much as possible, it hurts really bad i know but if you baby it you can cause stiffness and sometimes they have to break bones and reset them due to severe stiffness. If the horrible pain continues longer than 10-14 days i say see a doctor.  One symptom might be numbness in your feet.  I agree with the previous answer. All types of pneumonia really suck out energy, and once your son feels like he can start getting back to normal, get to it. In my case, I had stayed home for about a week and a half, then gone to school and not done PE or dance for two weeks, and then went back to normal. However, I had a friend the same age who had much worse walking pneumonia and had to rest for longer. Each case is unique, so let him decide when he's ready. Now, mind you, he can still do something. Once I was diagnosed, a 'short walk' meant a walk to the bathroom and back. When I walked out to the car, I ended up taking a nap in it because I was so tired. However, once he starts getting stronger, taking walks to places like the park can help build him up to who he was before. While it will take a while for him to fully heal, he can still do some things. Just let him decide about how much energy he can muster. ;) -MushyKetchup  Can I take Mucinex DM while I am taking a Z Pack?  Hi HBP drugs are well known for its side effect of ED, look try this just google, natural ways out of high blood pressure, find away that you think will work for you, and through your doctor slowly wean yourself of the drugs. But look at your diet and the amount of salt your having, but keep of fast foods and junk foods these are very high in salt and sugars. As your on IT which means your just sitting all the time, you do need to get out and exercise, jogging and walking, if you can do a mix for an hour a day. Try and cut back on stress, that's not good for your BP. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi You need to find a therapist who deals sleep disorders and get counselling of some kind, doing this should get you out of your problem. Not doing this your problem will grow, and this you do not want. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Try this link, you should find it helps you get the answers you need. The Link, http://www.healthstatus.com/calculate/cbc Do Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Well if was not removed then its still there, Yes, I think it would be best to go see your doctor ASAP, get the test, he will know then, if so its off to the hospital straight away and out it goes, it needs to be that quick, if its inflamed and bursts, you will end up with peritonitis, and that would not be very good for you. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, If you mean you have penis shrinkage, could be have put on some extra weight lately, lose the weight and things should go to normal, cant think what else could do that. If that's not your problem, you could try some jelqing, its a very simple exercise, but you really should know how to the correct way, so ok jusy google pegym, under exercises your find jelqing, just follow what they say, and take it from there, follow the program, not try to rush or push the program. These exercises have rules just stick to them or you could end up with ED. Do hope this helps you Good Luck  Hi Try going back to the ER, ask them if you can have an MRI on it, it could you have ligament problems, either just damaged or broken. If that confirms it, it just a case of having tens treatment, ice packing it 3 times a day, doing swimming breast stroke leg work only with a float, well help it, I was doing 1K a day for over a month. And was doing leg extensions twice a day with light weights around your ankle, also is great for helping the healing. But your be pleased to here it works Do hope this is it. Good Luck  Hi, You may have turned over while having a nocturnal erection during the night, and given yourself a strain, or something has happened why having sex or masturbating,. As you have no visual signs of damage, its very hard to say any more. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Try this its should help you, its neti wash salt, been around a long time, try this link it should help you understand more. http://www.himalayaninstitute.org/products-publications/neti-pot-products/ Just cop[y this link into google up to the www. to open and read. Do hope t5his helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Why are you here asking this question, is it you who is afraid more than her of her being pregnant? sounds like it to me. If she is your partner full time, get her on some kind of BC, like the pill, the ring, the cap or IUD, but not depo shot. I cant see how you think she could be pregnant? can you? Good Luck  Hi OK Could be a cyst or perianal abscess or barthlins abscess, but you should really see either your doctor or a dermatologist, to sort out your problem. Hope there is some help here. Good Luck  Hi Its ok getting her outside to go, but she needs walking twice a day, a short walk and a long walk being a spaniel, I have a Britney and he's out with for 30 minutes of a morning and a long walk at night this one is an hour or longer, but try and make each walk long different, perhaps I'm lucky as were in Greece, loads of olives groves to walk through, so by this he can go anywhere he likes but never indoors. And we have a Lurcher type she dog that's Greek, had her since she was 3 weeks old yes she was dumped, because of my spaniel she's now house trained, like him loves being out walking. So get her out as much as you can, make her your right hand, meaning she goes most of the places you go, the more she's out with you the better she should get. Good Luck PS Dogs love us, and love being with us, but they do love being out walking, and yes they do take some of our time, but time you should love.  Hi Could be policemen's heel, its a term used in the UK, itds a bit like tennis elbow, its the muscle, its come away from the bone, get to your doctor, let him have a look if I'm right, cortisone injections will help. Iwill leave it there! why you find out. I do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, Try googling the side effects for each of the drugs, or googling with the drug and compartment syndrome, see what come up. Good Luck  Hi I think an ER would be best, but then you should have been there a week ago, perhaps an MRI will show any damage, perhaps its a ligament that's giving you this problem. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, If its still swollen, then try icing it, by this you sit in a sitz bath with some real icy water with ice cubes for 5 minutes at a time, about 6 times a day, that should see it go down. Was this after sex, next time use extra lubrication. Good Luck  Hi Yes My wife has had this done, 26 years ago its called vein stripping in the UK and she was told to walk 3 miles a day, and did, she did this until she went back for her check-up. So in one way its a healthy operation to have, gets people out walking. Do hope this helps your Mum. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer.  Hi If like you say your having an itch, try this shave around the area, then get some Lannacane,(now that's the UK name for it) this cream helps get rid itch's around genitals, vagina and anal areas and the shaving help the area to stop holding bugs there when we get hot and sweaty. Try this see if it works. Good Luck  Hi Get it checked up, you may have damaged a ligament, if it is you can get tens treatment, ice packing it for twenty minutes at a time 3 times a will help, some simple exercising will help, leg extensions will do with a little extra weight, do 3 sets of twenty, and over time you should add I have done this, it works over time, took me about 3 months. But don't use a knee support, they don't help, I was told. The tens and icing bring extra blood in to the area, this adds the healing of the ligament, they do regrow. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi First is this something you do on a regular basis, if not then this could be the reason, you have just strained a couple of things, and from my wife varicose veins would not make you foot ach. Try putting a cheap pack of frozen peas behind your knee and rest on it, but wrapped in it a thin cloth, for 20 minutes 3 times a day for the next couple of days. But if your not used to them just try working up to 3 hour walks from say an hour and just add 5 minutes a day. Do hope this you. Good Luck  Hi I think your find what you had, was just a rectal spasm, or Proctalgia Fugax, see it even has a name, it's just one of those things we have to live with. Good Luck  Hi The bump is probably were is healing, but now you should start some kind of simple exercises to get it mobile, ice pack it twice daily and if you home for the day 3 times, but just for twenty minutes, use a packet of frozen peas in a cloth, if you can try and get some tens treatment, these last two will attract new blood into the area, helps healing. Also try getting into a swimming pool, it's low impact exercising will work wonders, try doing the breast stroke, its very good for foot exercises, if you can get in daily. Do hope this get you back up. Good Luck  Hi Then you do have a problem, you are in need of psychotherapy treatment, this would find out why? and from this how to help you out of it. Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER you may need an x-ray, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Get to an ER you may need an x-ray, ASAP Good Luck  Hi Your find that it will slowly go away on its own, just give it a couple of weeks, it wont go straight away, it got ingrained into you skin. Your OK. Good Luck  Hi Will, Any thing is possible when it come to sleep walking, so why worry you got your money back. Its just the same as having reoccurring dreams, going on night after night, all these things do happen. But then was it the wife, you need to get hold of some of the stuff that turns fingers blue, when touched, are but wold you want to know or just keep the mystery going. Good Luck  Hi For RA try cayenne pepper, I'm on it for ED but has got rid of my RA pain, start by having a look on www,cayennepepper.info your find out how it helps on there, you can also look on www.earthclinic.com Look under RA in ailments, you see lots of ways you can try, lots just from folks like us. But CP, I take first thing every morning, I mix CP with tomato paste and thin with olive oil, you mix to a heat that suits you, after you have been on it for while, you can build up the heat, you take 3 small spoonful's each morning wash each one down with water, its not a quick fix but will get there, you just carry on taken it, if you want you can add fine chopped garlic as well this is very good for your blood as well, the CP is also very good for your blood as well it will clean it, get rid of any plaque you have and this will reduce any cholesterol problems as well, good for your heart, good for your prostate. So a good around egg. Good Luck PS The links, just copy into google to open and read.  Hi Will, Any thing is possible when it come to sleep walking, so why worry you got your money back. Its just the same as having reoccurring dreams, going on night after night, all these things do happen. But then was it the wife, you need to get hold of some of the stuff that turns fingers blue, when touched, are but wold you want to know or just keep the mystery going. Good Luck  Hi I think your find it would be more down to separation anxiety, meds could help and therapy should help, I think a talk with your vet would be the best way for you to go. Hope you get the help you need. Good Luck  Hi, Ok try this, but I do take laying on your back is OK, lift your right leg up, your hubby swings his right leg over, and he can then enter you from here, you rest your right leg on him, from here he can have sex with you, he can play with your breasts and nipples, and why having sex he can massage your clitoris or you can, orgasm city here you come. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi For its heart worm, do have a good read of this link, could be better and cheaper that a vets, course of treatment at 3.000$. http://www.earthclinic.com/pets/heartworm.html Just copy into google to open and read. As for its depression try these links http://pets.webmd.com/dogs/features/depression-in-dogs http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/pets-depression This next one brings perhaps an answer, you say your just fostering him, perhaps its separation anxiety, this is something any dog can get mine does when I leave him at home always with good people as house sitters, when we get home he wont leave my side for the next 24 hours, do you know if he was just taken somewhere and left, to get on by himself, this could be the cause, just heart broken, but TLC will overcome this, but then you would be passing him on again, so would be getting the same thing again. So never ending, separation anxiety. The next link, http://www.pets4homes.co.uk/pet-advice/can-dogs-suffer-from-depression.html Just copy into google to open and read. Do hope you find some help here. Good Luck   Hi this is an extract from a site called diabetes.about.com. Walking is one of the most popular and widely recommended forms of physical activity for people with diabetes. Its easy, relaxing and can be done practically anywhere. Most important, its highly effective at controlling blood glucose levels. Still, there are important things for people with diabetes to consider before taking off. The rest you will find here. http://diabetes.about.com/od/benefitsofexercise/a/walking.htm But I think your find any doctor unless your having a leg problem will tell yes carry on, its one of the free very healthy things we can do for our heath and bodys, packed with lots of hidden advantages. I do hope this answers your question. Good Luck  Hi Try Asics, watched a program on NHK, wear they strip them down, gives all the info on how they help runners, if you get NHK up on your computer you should be able to bring the program up. But I'm getting a pair, for jogging, as I have a foot that wears one way, so these should help me, think they may help you, these are the ones with gel in the heels and the have a line through the souls, but cant think of the name on there number. Worth a look, if nothing else. good luck  Hi A start would be to google your meds, see if any of them can give you vaginal dryness if this is what your talking about, so you put in the drug name, then, side effect vaginal dryness, see what comes up. But this could also be a side effect of your menopause, but loss of libido and vaginal dryness are side effects of the menopause, so google DHEA for women, and Tribulus for women, you can either take one or both, these will lift your testosterone, lift your libido and kick up your energy levels, as you will read the DHEA can have the odd funny side effect with the odd person, but please read up about both before you try them. For the dryness the are some good sex oils around, or you could try just baby oil as long as it gives you no side effects, there's coconut oil extra virgin, almond oil or you even try olive oil, just google all of them for info, like, olive for sex and so on. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, YES  Hi Sorry but their advice was right, they have done the ground work, she's had a stroke, and being a walk in clinic there was not a lot else they could do, apart form going to see her doctor ASAP. Sorry their advice was right. Good Luck  Hi, Sounds like you got cramp in the night, but its a wonder it did not wake you up, when you do and wake with just pull on your foot with the other one, works for me. Do Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Sorry forgot to say, the pain will slowly go away, over a day or two, your just going to have to live with it.  Hi As we cant see you, do you think this is from your stance, no doubt you have seen and my have been doing it yourself, its ok I'm pregnant, so you tend to take on the pregnant stance, pushing your tummy out, even when you were not showing a lump, now was this you? Well if so its your own fault, you have put such a strain on your back, its now paying you back, by giving you such a back ache, the best thing you can do is just stand straight, try and walk straight, you should find that this will ease your pain. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, See that's why I said an MRI, this would show up any unseen damage, it may even just be chipped then the chip could now be floating around, that's where the MRI comes into play it sees all. Good Luck  Hi Just take a break for a week to 10 days, your pain will go faster that way. Why your bike riding and doing other exercise, your putting strain on it, just take the break, your body wont mind. When you start back, start slow with the exercises and the bike riding, if you still have pain take a few more days off, its a tricky area to heal, but keep off the pain killers if you go back for exercise, they will mask the real pain, you could end up with more damage, and be off longer. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Soon as you come out of hospital, the sooner you start the better it will be for you, short at first, then you can then start doing longer walks, but no sex tell the 6th week, but try it at 5th week my wife did, but use lots of lubrication, If I remember right we were in the kitchen and used olive oil, it was at hand, you know what I mean, nudge, nudge, wink, wink. Do hope this helps you and your husband. Good Luck  Hi Being a naturist I do know what you mean, but just a quick hand wash with some liquid soap dose it for me, only takes a minute job done. Or you could have a special wash cloth handy. Hope this helps you and your son. Good Luck  Hi See Above Answer, sorry it wont come up without a prompt, glitch on WebMD.  Hi Sounds very much like your muscle, it doing this from the way your sleeping, could be just a strain and your age, is your work on the heavy side? do you sit a lot? if its this, could be just your posture or just sitting at an awkward angle, Hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi, So you stopped jogging and was walking? Yes at anytime after that did you bring up any wind/gas or anytime later? if yes, then is was just trapped wind, or bring up any wind in the 2 hours you say about.. And your OK Good Luck  Hi, I think you find its the weight on his heart that's making him short of breath, all that weight is doing no good, I would say that he needs to lose around 220 lbs to bring in to the safe area. So if he lives on fast foods and junk foods with lots of sodas, smokes and drinks alcohol, then that's his down fall, he needs to get off these ASAP, get on an healthy eating plan get out and exercise, this you may have heard all before, but if he does not, I think you must know what the answer will be. This is a warning for his health. Good Luck  Hi NO get to a doctor/gyno, tell him/her what have written here, see what they say, best advice. Good Luck  Hi Have a good read through this link there's some things that could help you. The Link, http://www.wikihow.com/Control-Bladder-Spasms just copy this link into google to open and read.. Good Luck  Hi it would all depend on your steps, are you taking big steps, average steps or small steps. The best thing would be to measure your steps then just multiply them till you get to 1760 yards or 1 mile. Happy calculating.  Hi Not quite sure here is it one or both? sounds like it could be what we call in England policeman's heel, see your doctor, and if so you will need cortisone injection, and this ahs to be in the sole of your foot, its a bit like standing on a drawing pin, but you have to wait for the doctor to pull it out, ouch, had it done on both of mine at times. Do hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi, Call your doctor, ASAP Good Luck  Hi, Have a look at this list. Causes of sleepwalking include: Hereditary (i.e., the condition may run in families) Lack of sleep or fatigue Interrupted sleep or inefficient sleep (including from disorders like sleep apnea) Illness or fever Certain medications Stress, anxiety Going to bed with full bladder Noisy sleep environment/different sleep environment Do any of these ring bells for you. Good Luck  Hi The problem here is, the harder you work the higher you heart rate will be, and as you slow down so will you heart, and this would go along with you breathing. I think you find it hard to give a rate, for what you want. Good Luck   Hi The problem here is, the harder you work the higher you heart rate will be, and as you slow down so will you heart, and this would go along with you breathing. I think you find it hard to give a rate, for what you want. Good Luck  Hi Well now is the time to get it looked at, things would have been hard to find why it was swollen. So now is the time, go get it looked at. Good Luck  Hi OK I know its very hard when you sitting about, but your not left with a lot in the way of exercise, apart from knitting, carpet making, but did think swimming but with your rectal leaking would not be good for other swimmer. But you could control what your eating, keeping away from fast foods, junk foods and sodas of any kind would be a good start, your eating needs to become your life, a life to survive were self discipline, self control and breaking bad eating habits, are at the front of your mind, so try working with your doctor, and take it from there. do hope this helps you. good Luck  Hi Off the top of my head, see your doctor and have your ears looked at, he would be looking for an inner ear infection. Do hope this helps you. Good Luck  Hi from what you say yes it is quite possible to do that, its just a case of waiting, even ifs its painful. Good Luck  HI So where was the tear, and it would also depend on your work. Have your discussed this with the doctor you was under at the time of the tear, this would be a good place to start. Good Luck  Hi Yes a nice brisk walk will do you the world of good, also very good for your colon, your heart, your digestive track, so good all round. Good Luck  Hi Do you know if you have had a cramp in the night, or strained the muscle either of these two will do that. Even thought if it was cramp or a bad cramp. it will take a couple of days to overcome it, and the strain even longer, but try some muscle rub on it. Hope this helps. Good Luck  Hi Just get to an ER ASAP, it for your good. Good Luck  Sounds like leg cramps. Try a 6 oz. glass of tonic water before each bedtime.  I went to the doctor and her best explanation was a burst cyst She said I looked fine and even gave me a full examination I have not had that pain again since it happened last month I also have had intercourse after the doctor concluded I was fine and I did not get any pain again  This happened to me before I changed my sneakers. When I ran or walked in those sneakers my toes would hurt especially the one next to my big toe. The lack of toe space in my sneakers caused my toes to cram against the front of the footwear. Causing pain and discomfort later and sometimes during the activity. I now wear sneakers slightly larger than my actual sneaker size to prevent this. Your toe was most likely being crammed when you sprinted.   There are upper body cardio excises you can do with weights and a medicine ball. There's a you tuber named Mario Ramone, who can help with ways to do exercises while sitting. I watch his videos to find out ways I can do excises while sitting, because I have knee aliments. You can also try getting a kefty for your workout. http://kefty.com There are other videos that provide examples of excesses one can do in a wheelchair.  Indeed heat and humidity can be the duo that makes you dizzy. Being well hydrated is important, but you're forgetting about all of that sweat you've created. You're losing valuable electrolytes. In the future, I'd make sure to have one of the sports drinks on hand that has sodium and potassium mix in it. You can buy as powders to add to water or in bottles. There are lots of options out there. Often i just fill up my water bottle with 1/2 water and 1/2 electrolyte mix. The simple rule is that when summer comes around, don't forget your electrolytes! Clearly if you've taken precautions and you still end up with problems, you need to seek medical attention.  you may have bone spurs.  Yes, if your doctor is willing to say that you cannot work because of it.  If you had unprotected sex and missed a pill, you could be pregnant. If you are late, take a home test.  can you still move the joint, without having to help it with your arms?if no seek professional help. Is there any irregularities when you move it, like grinding or severe sensations? if yes, seek professional help. Is there minor swelling? try to take a anti inflammatory, and use cold compress on the knee. elevate the leg above your heart, especially when inactive for periods of time. usually the swelling may cause a lack of circulation, that may cause the tingling sensation like when your foot falls asleep. Monitor the injury, as if it seems to get worse always seek professional help. Its always easier to treat then to repair an injury.  could be your ovaries ...you should go get an xray or whatever your doctor orders just to be safe.  liver failure  Does not hurt in back only front around groin area,  You will need to see an orthopedist for a thorough examination of your knee, and probably an MRI of that problematic joint. Since this problem has been going on for 2-3 years, it is high-time for you to get it checked out medically. The school's trainer may have just guessed, and a guess is not a diagnosis.  Just eat less. A person cannot really gain weight (fat) unless there is an excess of calories going in, and not enough calorie expenditure going out. Just eating an extra 500 calories a day can result in a one pound weight GAIN per week, so just eat a bit more sensibly, reduce your calorie intake....and keep on walking. You will get it in control again.  No, it is not very likely you would have inhaled enough during that very brief encounter to cause any effects. What kind of apartment lets anyone some anything in the halls. That is ridiculous, so report it and complain.  In America, each state has the right and privilege of setting their own laws or regulations, and this includes regulations related to the practice of medicine, pharmacy, dentistry, or nursing.  Then go to Alanon for help. I am not sure how much help a "walk-in" clinic will provide to you. They certainly cannot provide the ongoing care and support that you may need to stop your drug use. Doctor do not call the police when someone discloses illegal drug use. They cannot force you into rehab, but this could be something they may suggest based on your usage and state of health.  Before talking about a cure, or even an effective treatment, you need to have a definitive diagnosis -- not something that you may be doing accurately (I assume you are not a podiatrist), and not something that I can blindly determine based solely on your brief posting. You need to be examined by an expert, so I recommend that you see a podiatrist. You may also need an x-ray of that painful foot. In the meantime, you may get some relief with anti-inflammatory medications (assuming you can take this sort of drug) and a shoe insert to help relieve the pressure.  You will probably be just fine.....hand-washing and intact skin (on your hands) is an excellent defense against the transmission of viruses. That was a nice act of kindness (the money, not the lighter). It would be highly, highly unlikely that this brief touching of the hands would result in you contracting any disease. Don't be bummed out (pun intended).  Have your medical provider check those "lymph nodes". Lymph nodes are always there...they do not come and go, but you may only be able to feel them (or see them) when they are enlarged or inflamed. The nodes are there for a reason, but it will take a bit of medical investigation to determine the underlying cause, or if they are actually lymph nodes (I don't know the location, since you didn't share that important bit of information).  Limp or crawl to a phone and have someone take you to a urgent care facility were you can be properly examined and perhaps, have an x-ray, to see if you have a fracture or just a serious sprain. There are a lot of "bones", tendons, ligaments, and muscles in this area, so if you are having pain and problems ambulating, it makes sense to have a professional examine you. You cannot be blindly diagnosed or treated over the Internet based on a brief, vague description of the symptoms.  You need to see a urologist . I am sure you will find very skilled urologists in Japan, including some that may speak English. Just in case, you could bring your own interpretor if you have a trusted, bilingual friend.  Back exercises and stretching is the best, non-surgical way of dealing with sciatica. If you are overweight, the extra lbs. need to go. You can find lots of Internet references for the proper exercises (called Williams back exercises) or ask a friendly physical therapist for a list.  This mystery may remain unexplained until you see your gynecologist for a proper examination and perhaps a few diagnostic tests. This could be a normal (although annoying) vaginal discharge due to some overactive hormones, not unlike a runny nose or constant tearing. Whether there is anything that can be done medically would depend on the exact cause -- not something that that I can accurately determine blindly over the Internet.  Two common reasons for three year olds to have a on-going cough: Undiagnosed asthma and day-care attendance. If you have a family history of allergies or asthma, asthma should be carefully investigated. Constant runny noses can trigger a cough as well. If your child is in day-care, preschool, or going to play groups, she is constantly exposed this time of year to back-to-back viral infections. This alone can mimic asthma and cause a chronic cough.  Oxygen would not hurt him, but he may not need it. Work with his medical provider to determine the reason for the lower (still normal, though) pulse ox. Does he have sleep apnea?  In the U.S., using a deodorant is usually standard (not so much in other countries). It is one thing to smell nice, it is another thing to smell offensive to others. As a medical provider, I have grown accustomed to all extremes of human odors. I am not a big fan of any human that is overly-perfumed. I would prefer BO over someone that smells like an overpowering rose garden. Some offices ban excessive perfume since some people may be chemically-sensitive or allergic. Whatever you choose, keep it subtle. Deodorants can be scent-free, and a tiny amount of perfume can be pleasant.  To lose weight, you need to reduce your calorie intake...simple as that. Cut your calories by just 500 kcal per day, and you will lose about a pound a week (52 pounds a year....not to shabby). In order to exercise, consider swimming.....less impact on you back. It is best to get a specific exercise recommendation from your doctor, however, because of your medical issues.  You will need to specifically ask this question to your medical provider -- someone who knows the details of your medical history.  You need to go back and see the orthopedist again.....the same one that did your original surgery or a different "knee specialist". You will likely need an MRI of the knee at some point.  See your medical provider. This may be GOUT.  There is no way to offer you a patient-specific answer to your many questions, since I have no way of examining your knee. There is a good chance that your knee symptoms are completely unrelated to your foreign bodies, but it is going to take a good, orthopedic assessment and some imagining studies to see where you stand in this matter.  Taking your evaluation to a higher level is wise, but remember there are many, many reasons for a diminished lung capacity. A pulmonologist is the preferred expert in this area.  A guess? Yes. I suspect you have an infection, such as cellulitis or a paronychia, that needs immediate attention. In most cases, it will be bacterial and you will need an oral antibiotic. Get to an urgent care facility today, or call your regular medical provider (some may just call in a prescription for you). The blisters could indicate a bullous condition, such as impetigo. Less-common would be a herpetic condition. You don't need a guess...you need a definitive diagnosis and treatment.  If this is a testiclar torsion, you need to go to the ER....now. A torsion is a medical emergency, Unfortunately, I have no way to reach out and examine you and order a doppler ultrasound to make the diagnosis.  Many things can cause heel pain, from heel spurs (rough areas on the heel bone), to tendon and plantar fascia problems. Even improper shoes can cause heel pain. Your first and most important step is to see a good podiatrist for an examination. This is really the only way you can be accurately diagnosed and treated. Treatment would depend on your diagnosis, of course, and may include medications, orthotics (shoe inserts), recommendations for a different type of shoe, or in severe cases of spurs; even surgery. Six months is a long time. Get it checked out so you can start walking without pain again.  Your orthopedist is the boss. This is the expert that has evaluated and treated your fracture. If the ortho said that you can bear weight at two weeks, then this is what they want you to do. Incidentally, the fibula is not a weight-bearing bone. The tibia does all of the work.  Since moving twelve time zones East is probably not an option, you may not be able to alter that autonomic function. You can try increasing your fiber and bulk, get up earlier (activity stimulates defectation), and allow more morning time for a bowel movement.  You can ride ONLY with the expressed permission by OB-GYN. Since I do not know you, the stage of your pregnancy, or your medical/obstetric history, it would not be prudent to offer you a patient-specific response in this matter  I have no way of examining you over the Internet to give you a definite answer (only your doctor can do that), but one possibility would be a common (and temporary) condition of pre-teens and teenagers called SEVER'S DISEASE . You can look this up on the Internet and run this possibly by your doctor.  It's safe to drink.....a personal preference.  You need to have you leg examined first -- not something that can be done over the Internet. If you do need treatment, like an antibiotic, this would need to be prescribed by a medical provider -- other thing that cannot be done on line.  Now, don't tell you mother or grandmother, but the answer is NO. Going from a warm work-out area to the cold air is not going to cause illness, so you can stop worrying about being sued. It is an old and medically-disproven belief that cold air, drafts, or chills lead to illness. If that were true, think of all the Aleuts, Laplanders, and Siberians. You would think they would be sick all of the time. As a matter of fact, many are healthier. The Finish and Swedes even bake themselves in a sauna, and then run out and roll in the snow or jump in an ice lake. Crazy? Maybe, but the practice is harmless. They feel that it is is healthy. Maybe they are correct. As a wrestling coach, your contaminated mats are much more of a health hazard, so before those boys head for the locker room, make them disinfect those mats and make them take their work-out clothes home to be properly washed.  I am sure that it is not a good idea. Your lungs are having a difficult time as it is recovering from your pneumonia, so why make things worse with cigar smoke? You may not feel that you are inhaling, but enough smoke is getting into your respiratory tract to cause an inflammatory response, increase mucous production, and trigger a new round of coughing. I am sorry that you are stuck in your house and are bored, but smoking a cigar when you have pneumonia is not wise....not wise at all.  You most definitely need medical attention.  Corns don't usually itch, but feet can certainly itch. If you are having a painful, itchy area under your little toe, then think "fungus". Fungus just loves the warm, moist environment inside your shoes. Tinea pedis (Athlete's Foot) is very common, so you may want to consider a trial of an anti-fungal medication (perhaps mixed with a little bit of hydrocortisone cream/ointment for the itching). Your pharmacist can help you select one of the many brands on the market. Another possibility would be a contact dermatitis, perhaps from a new shoe or even from a change in laundry detergent or dryer softener. If your home treatment doesn't help, there are plenty of podiatrists out there to lend a professional hand (or foot).  Without the ability to see his little foot first-hand, I really couldn't comment if this will delay his walking, but my blind guess would be NO. Babies have a remarkable ability to circumvent these minor anomalies. He will most likely be running through your house in about five months or so. Make sure to specifically ask his pediatrician about this, or ask to be referred to a pediatric orthopedist for a consultation.  Normal? No. Can it happen? Yes. Depending on the pathogen that is causing your sinus infection (most are viral, some are mycoplama, and some are bacterial), the same pathogen cause also cause pneumonia at the same time.  That question cannot be answered blindly over the Internet. You would need to have a hands-on examination by a medical professional or orthopedist to determine a cause and significance of your knee clicking. Every person is differnet and there are not universal causes applicable to everyone.  Yes, those medications are compatible, but Mucinex DM may not quiet his cough as much as you think. The "DM" part is dextromethorophan which is a cough suppressant, but the mucous-thinning aspect of the Mucinex may cause more drainage; thus triggering more coughing. This doesn't happen to everyone, but in some people, it does. Taking a pure cough suppressant, just at night, will help him, but when you have pneumonia, you need to cough periodically to clear your airway. If he was properly diagnosed, he should be feeling fine soon.  Ice compresses and ibuprofen (assuming you can medically use this type of medication). Wear open-toed shoes for a while. Elevate your leg/foot. You may want to consider "buddy taping" your injured toe to an adjacent uninjured toe to give it more support.  Teething is a process, and getting that first tooth can take longer in some children. The lack of drooling is really not clinically significant, but if he is having loose stools, he could be a bit dehydrated. A dry mouth, lack of tears, and less wet diapers would indicate that he needs more fluids. If he does have a mild "stomach bug", it doesn't appear that it would be too bad since he is acting well. Just treat any discomfort if you notice it, and make sure the gets plenty of fluids. Otherwise....I suspect he will be fine.  Persistent knee pain lasting over a month from a jogging injury, where there was a loud "pop" could be many things, but a full or partial tear of one of the ligaments, tendons, or menesci would be high on the list, as well as cartilege tears. It would be in your fiance's best interest to see a good orthopedist (he should have done this weeks ago). He may need some imaging studies, like an MRI, of that painful knee.  His inability to bear weight on this one leg does not necessarily mean the problem is in the hip. It could be in the leg, knee, ankle, or foot. The reason many x-rays are normal is that the problem may not even be due to a bone injury, but rather muscle or tendon (like a sprain). These things do not show up on an x-ray. I even had a non-walking toddler with a thorn in his foot that no one noticed. Toddlers can be wild and crazy and injury themselves in a zillion different ways, without you even knowing it. The fact that he has not improved in a week is concerning, so I would suggest that you take him to see his regular doctor. He may need to complete the entire leg x-rays series if the doctor feels it is justified. One quick story: A patient of mine, same age, woke up from a nap and would not bear weight. Several (negative) x-rays, negative exams, and watchful waiting for three days did not seem him improve. I coerced a orthopedic friend to work him into his busy, and over-booked schedule, so he agreed to see him over lunch. This little guy, who had been carried for the last three days, ran through his waiting room, jumped up on some chairs, and acted like he did not have a care in the world. To this day, his parents and myself, have no idea why he did not want to walk. Perhaps, he enjoyed being carried for a while????  ANY time of day is appropriate for exercise. Our body works on a 24-hour schedule, so find a good time that fits with your lifestyle. Exercise is effective any time...  That is up to her cardiologist...there is no set time since every person is different when it comes to recovery. Before starting ANY strenuous exercise regime, especially after having a bypass, your mother will need to be cleared to do so. Often, an echocardiogram and a treadmill test is needed.  Not without having the ability to see and examine this "bump"....your description is just too vague to make a guess as to what it might be.  Everyone can lose weight, it is just that you have mis-matched strategies. Walking on the job is good, but it is no substitute for calorie restrictions. The best diet is one that you will do -- a combination of balanced calorie restriction and even more exercise that just working. Each pound of fat has 3,500 calories, so if you will just reduce the amount you are eating by 500 calories a day....every day....and stick to it, you will lose about a pound a week. That may sound slow but that is over 50 pounds a year. Buy a good calorie book and add them up. Weight loss comes down to simple math: If you take in less than your body needs to maintain or gain weight, you will lose weight....perhaps not every day, but at the end of a month, you should be down four pounds, and another four pounds down the next month. Lose it slow, learn new ways of eating, give up the "bad things" (you know what they are), and set reasonable, achievable weight loss goals. That's all you need to do.  If going to an ER is not a financial issue, I am sure that you can get care for your pilonidal cyst. There is no way to know if there is a colorectal surgeon waiting around to take care of you, however, but many ER physicians and other primary care medical providers can handle this sort of thing. As you probably know, pilonidal cysts do become infected from time to time, so perhaps you should consider a more definitive surgical procedure and have the entire cyst removed? No more problems after that surgery!  Absolutely. I have dozens of teens on birth control who have never been sexually involved. Hormonal regulation, menstrual pain, heavy/frequent periods....and even severe acne (also hormone-related) are some of the medical indications to use birth control pills. Teens do have birth control access, even without parent permission, but when it is for a medical reason (and not contraception), parents should be involved....and supportive.  There can literally be HUNDREDS of types and causes of headaches. It would be impossible to blindly make a patient-specific determination of the Internet. You need to see a medical professional so you can be properly examined, diagnosed, and treated -- three things that cannot be accomplished on-line based solely a brief, vague description. This has been going on for FOUR DAYS...and GETTING WORSE. Please get off of the computer and seek medical care.  Once he starts feeling better, breathing well, and not coughing as much, he can do most any activities. If he becomes too tired or overly stressed, then back off a notch. Perhaps I would have him hold off on sports participation, like soccer until he has fully recovered, but he can do most normal activities, including going to school, if his medical provider gives the "okay". There are varying degrees of pneumonia, and some are quite mild. He does not have to remain in bed or in the house, but remind him that rest is important to his recovery time.  I think ear candles are pure quackery and I don't recommend them....ever. The safest way to clean out your ear canals...the canals clogged with wax....is with a warm water lavage. You can buy ear syringes in the pharmacy for this purpose, but be careful. If you have a PAINFUL ear, you should not be irrigating it. Peroxide only loosens wax, it does not remove it. Not all clogged ears are from wax impactions. If your clog was in the middle ear space (the area on the other side of your eardrum), removing ear wax in the canal will not solve your issue. Since neither one of us can look inside your ears to be sure of the reason for your clog, you may end up seeing a medical provider again. You can ask to see an ENT -- most have special vaccuums that will suck out your ear debris painlessly. Stop using Q-tips if you are doing this....this is one of the major causes of wax impactions.  That is indeed interesting... do you have some kind of association with an injury you sustained while seeing people standing on hard surfaces? Or, is it associated perhaps with any sort of tension or anxiety? I wish you the best in finding that answer. The human mind is wonderful and odd indeed.  I'd say it was pretty unlikely due to atrophy of muscles, but it all really depends on what causes her inability to walk in the first place. The legs get pretty weak if you don't walk on them for twenty two years. If she has a small amount of functionality, maybe she could work up from there, but there isn't enough information here to tell.  From past experience, MAKE AN APPOINTMENT WITH YOUR ORTHOPEDIST. In the meantime, I used an old remedy for swelling. I used BC or Standback powders. Amazingly, it helped with both the pain and swelling without heavily addictive prescription drugs. Use ice packs day and night (put ice in a zip lock bag to avoid spillage/leakage). Ankle needs to be slightly elevated. Avoid putting pressure on the ankle because it will cause further damage. If you don't have crutches or a walker borrow them. Your objective is to protect that ankle. Again, get in to see your doctor first or get to an emergency room. All meds don't work for everybody, so get that appointment ASAP!!  Go immediately to an ER. Your knees must be x-rayed. They will treat you, but you will be advised to go to an orthopedic doctor. If you'd rather avoid an ER visit. Make an urgent call to schedule an appointment with an orthopedic specialist. They usually do x-rays in their office. Good Luck!  WOW, fell on your bum and wonder why it hurts. The tailbone is a small little bone right above your butt and can be broken at anytime, such as falling on it or giving birth. It takes time to heal, though a little bone it is a bone and needs a little special treatment. Sitting helps, maybe a hot bath for this baby bone and the feet hurt because your baby bone needs to sit down for a while. Take care of the baby bone holds the buns and we love them.  I know you dont want to hear "see a doctor" but your wife's condition may be very very serious. With her history of cancer and surgery i would definately take her in to see a doctor. It is much better to be safe than sorry.  Are you under unusual stress? As I child I did the sleep walking for awhile, and I was under a lot of stress. It didn't last into adulthood, but many adults do suffer with it. Medications can cause hallucinations, which I'm sure you know, and so can emotional problems. I went thru some terrible hallucinations at night in my teens and early 20's. I don't know your beliefs, and all I can do is share my personal experiences and answers, but I believe I had opened a doorway into the spiritual realm by playing around with some demonic things. When I became a Christian, they persisted until I learned to demand they leave me alone, in Jesus' Name. Only happened once after that, and I again used His authority, and haven't had hallucinations since. But it only works if you are one of His. That's been over 40 yrs. I'd suggest you also go in for sleep study testing. Hope something I've said helps.  was wanting my answer from an MD expert  I have no idea what this is but I think you should go get it checked out just to make sure nothing bad is happening to you or has happened to you yet.  Yes this is called L' Hermittes sign and I have this symptom in my arms and legs. Over time it has improved some but I still have the feeling of shocks if I move my neck quickly. Hope this helps.  Thats actually pretty common. Alot of women experience the same thing. Also each person's body chemistry is different. I my self experience the same sort of thing. however something to ask your self is: Is this hapening every cycle? When it is really bad on one cycle, is it weaker on the next? I've noticed that for me, personaly, that it alternates from cycle to cycle. You might try a medication like Miodol (be sure to follow the dosage directions) something that treats pain & bloating. Also just try to get plenty of rest, that time of the month is very draining on your body.  If you could provide information about anything happening before walking to work, thirst, pace, distance, temp, etc it would be much appreciated. However, it sounds like it could be heartburn assuming: you ate a large breakfast with little to drink, you ate no breakfast and stomach is refluxing, if it is vertical in the dead center of your chest (right below throat,) pressing down on it helps... but without any more information I have no idea.  Could be a liver issue, too much sun, and sometimes synthetic hormones will cause brown spots in which case they will disappear after a while. Taking tricyline will also cause brown spots.  It is not determined what may be causing this. It is very rarely that you may have a Intestinal Corruption and or / rip in intestines - but you would be puking and bleeding out mouth. Please see a physcian as soon as possible as this may be a serious condition and or / ordeal .  Hi:  My wife has Devics disease and has these electric shocks everyday all over her body but mostly in her legs.  The type of pain you describe is not typical for a standard blister. It does sound possible that you have either gotten an infection, or you are experiencing nerve pain from the site of the blister that is moving up your leg. Wear shoes that do not irritate the blister. Keep the area clean and dry. Take ibuprofen for pain if necessary. If this does not clear up in a day or two, or if you see obvious signs of serious infection such as: swelling, hot, inflamed skin, overall fever please see your PCP.  you should go to the Dr it sounds like you could have blood clots  I had severe low back pain from November 2011 until May 2012. I went to a doctor and had x-rays. I was put on anti inflammatories and muscle relaxants. After 4 weeks and no improvement, I had an MRI. It revealed that I had a herniated disc on L4 with 30% of my spinal space full of disc material. I tried physical therapy and while it helped, I was not back to normal. I had a microdiscectomy in May. Good by pain hello my life back. I was in the hospital for six hours. I was up and walking that day. One week later I could walk a mile. I now lift weights, hike, and exercise on a regular basis. Best thing I ever did for my back which was originally injured 30 years ago.  May be inner ear; vertigo. See your doctor.  Yes, also it can break your pelvis, and cause skin cancer on your Penis -R  No, as much as i know, you have no need to be afraid of acme in your pubic area -R  If he is going to lose a belly fight, i would advise him to run more than walk, i myself have hosted alot of belly fights, and i'm warning you. Whn you lose a belly fight, things get really messy.. I have seen unspeakable thins, i know where you live. -R  Ah, this might be a simple case of "footupyourownarse." If it has been there for a week, it is logical it is only one side, you have to forcefully pull it out, and then have a refreshing shower, after that you should be able to walk normally, without being considered a biological weapon. -R  You may be experiencing a pinch nerve, try to change into loose fitting clothes, and take some anti-inflammatories in you can, and if it still is bothering you after a few days, make an appointment with your doctor.  My husband has this problem and they do cause pain.  It is possible that you have agoraphobia. That is an abnormal fear of being in open places, and around people. I encourage you to continue seeing a counselor or Dr. And more importantly to try to go outside, even if it is just for 5 minutes. Maybe each day try staying out a little longer each time. Human beings need social interaction. Try finding an old friend that you trust to confide in, if you can. We were not made to be islands.  While there is no way we can speculate on exactly what may be causing your knee problems, you can find a lot of great information on our that you can read and take with you when you visit your doctor. Here are some questions for you that may also help you pinpoint the issue: Do you have ? Have you had in the past? How old are you? Take care, WebMD Answers Staff  Here is some information on .Your husband should give his doctor a call and find out what his tests results may mean for his health going forward. The WebMD Answers Staff  Dear madam,  This could have been from spider bite and really to be seen by the ER and worry about costs later. A possible leg/life saving measure.  How much water are you drinking? It's all about balancing intake and elimination. Are you drinking at least 6-8 cups of water each day? If not, then that's probably why you're peeing it out... sounds like a little bit of dehydration/electrolyte imbalance (that's why you're having stomach pain). Sometimes, water isn't enough. Try Gatorade, but small amounts because it has a lot of sugar in it. I drank some, and it worked like a charm :) I know you said you live far from a doctor, but you should try to go to one anyways, just to be on the safe side. Maybe somebody can drive you or you can take public transportation. Best wishes <3  Wait a day or two for discoloration of the foot, if it turns purple red yellow it's broken, may have a contusion on the foot (bone bruise)  i have not experienced what you are going through. but i did have anal fissures leading to bleeding. also hard stools. here is what worked for me: i have boiled okra regularly for dinner, as part of my diet. spinach (indian recipie for Plain palak) 1 Apple a day Dried prunes in office for munching (about 5 to 6). ATLEAST, two Liters of water every day almond oil with warm(or hot for me) milk after dinner. and important: walking 30 mins a day, if possible, before the first visit to the toilet int he morning. i never buy ebooks, but i bought this one and some of them helped me: http://www.usfreeads.com/2455300-cls.html ebook pdf is called: constipation help I'm not saying this will cure your condition, which looks a bit further away from where i was. but these things in my diet helped me. from what i experienced once you have this situation its better to see what foods you eat and make a regular schedule. disclaimer: i only told what i faced and how it helped me. im not a docotr and have no medical knowledge.  i also cut out coffee entirely from my diet. hotchoclate..  While Prilosec or Gaviscon--or even Pepto-Bismol--might help the reflux as well as the stomach pain, if you have chronic pain when eating, there is a possibility that you might have a peptic ulcer. Generally, pain increases whenever food is consumed (ie. when your body initially begins production of gastric acids in order to start digesting your food) and can be excruciating.  u may have schiatic pain  You can do simple forms of exercises like sit ups and push ups. You may also consider no surgery fat process to get back in shape in no time.  I share y our concern! Guidelines??? Try to find someone who will recommend one. Older docs are best. Pick a female next. Doctors seem to be ignorant of the latest medical advances. When asked about a certain procedure that is less invasive they immediately want you to agree have the outdated procedure that they are familiar. They will not listen to your concerns. No answers to your question about the latest In office procedures that are equivalent. They have another patient waiting. One P.A twice suggested I medicate myself. Re:-- A sore that would not heal. I used triple antibiotic with no results. He suggested that I should go home and try use bacitracin. .3 days no improvement. Finally I washed the area with DYNA HEX 4. Sore healed and was gone in 2 days. At the followup I told him what I did to heal myself. His response was WHAT EVER WORKS!!!! Another specialist wanted to remove my friends gall bladder even tho there were No stones seen, only some shadows??? Gall bladder not needed. Operation refused. Do not expect much help at a walk in clinic. I went to one and waited 3 hours then I left An ENT I went to for a sinus problem, Diagnosis sinus Infection. After 3 days of dosing I had a reaction and went to the emergency room with chest pressure and low oxy levels. Out in 2 days. Medicare paid for everything!!!!! Good Luck P.S. Even this site has no Info on TMAO testing or DMG use Google them.  Sounds like a muscle spasm. disk pain would be more like a sharp pain. If you can get a T.E.N.S. unit that may work I got 2 at a GOODWILL store. It uses electrical impulses to work the muscle Next would be massage. hot packs. Do not go to a chiropractor. Maybe the needle thing. Try www.medscape.com Good Luck  i have hypoglycemia and whenever i have low blood sugar i feel like im going to pass out and vomit. My limbs go numb and soon i puke. The monster shouldve provided enough sugars to keep blood sugar at normal but if she doesnt eat she may need more. Try getting sugars into her from juice or a candy bar.  I take steroids for my Addisons Disease.  yes  songmp3mp4.com songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-galliyan-full-audio-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/fifa-world-cup-2014-theme-song-mp3-dare.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/galiyan-full-hd-video-song-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/eminem-feat-nate-ruess-headlights-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-hindi-movie-2014-mp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/humshakals-piya-ke-bazaar-mein-full-hd.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ek-villain-movie-mp3-full-song-free.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/piya-ke-bazaar-mein-mp3-songs-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/humpty-sharma-ki-dulhania-full-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/yeh-fugly-fugly-kya-hai-song-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/fugly-hindi-movie-full-title-song-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/phacebook-pyaar-full-mp3-song-kuku.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/rajinikanth-kochadaiyaan-2014-mp3-and.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/bobby-jasoos-hindi-mp3-movie-songs-full.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/kick-movie-song-full-mp3-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/heropanti-movie-full-mp3-songs-free.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/blame-night-mp3-song-download-holiday.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/pizza-2014-hindi-movie-full-mp3-songs.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/romeo-juliet-2014-bengali-movie-full.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/mon-chuye-dekho-full-hd-video-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/ill-be-waiting-kabhi-jo-baadal-video.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/caller-tune-full-mp3-song-download.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/dama-dam-mast-kalandar-mp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/download-ragini-mms-2-chaar-botle-vodka.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/download-ragini-mms-2-movie-full-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/disco-singh-punjabi-movie-songs-mp3.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/yaariyan-full-mp3-movie-songs-2014-free.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/04/baby-doll-remix-hd-videomp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/dama-dam-mast-kalandar-mp3-song.html songmp3mp4.com/2014/05/queen-hindi-songs-mp3-movie-video-songs.html song mp3 mp4 onlyandroidapk.com HotSongsPk.com Where Can I Free Download? HotSongsPk.com hotsongspk.com/2014/05/eminem-headlights-ft-nate-ruess-mp3-and.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/kick-movie-song-full-mp3-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/bobby-jasoos-hindi-mp3-movie-songs-full.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/rajinikanth-kochadaiyaan-2014-mp3-and.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/phacebook-pyaar-full-mp3-song-kuku.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/fugly-hindi-movie-full-title-song-mp3.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/yeh-fugly-fugly-kya-hai-song-mp3.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/humpty-sharma-ki-dulhania-full-mp3.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/piya-ke-bazaar-mein-mp3-songs-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/humshakals-piya-ke-bazaar-mein-full-hd.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/galliyan-full-hd-video-song-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/galliyan-mp3-song-download-galliyan.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/fifa-world-cup-2014-theme-song-mp3-dare.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/ek-villain-galliyan-full-audio-song.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/lekar-hum-deewana-dil-hindi-full-movie.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/caller-tune-full-mp3-song-download.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/mon-chuye-dekho-full-hd-video-song.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/romeo-juliet-2014-bengali-movie-full.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/pizza-2014-hindi-movie-full-mp3-songs.html hotsongspk.com/2014/05/blame-night-mp3-song-download-holiday.html onlyandroidapk.com http://onlyandroidapk.com/fifa-14-full-unlocked-apkdata/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/godzilla-smash3-mod-apk/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/dream-league-soccer-1-57-mod-apkdata-unlimited-gold-coins-download/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/fifa-14-full-unlocked-apk/ http://onlyandroidapk.com/how-to-install-android-games-from-pc-to-your-phone/  Heart beat goes up after eating,yes.It is no doubt that all the process of eating involve energy.to be able to secure this chemical energy needed for this activity,there must be increas. e in the food combustion which result into more actions of cell tissues organ and digestive system.For the production of this chemical energy the heart accelerate in its beating to supply energy to all cells involved in the digestion process.this why there is increase in heart beat  You should consult your family M.D. for the proper diagnosis and answer re a brace.  A potassium level of 2.9 is still too low which is why you were put on buy mouth potassium to get the level back to normal.  I would a see a doctor asap.  I received an anterior hip replacement in July 2012 and have PT 3 times a week. I find that if I miss my PT, my hip starts hurting again, but as long as I'm using it, it feels really good. If the replacement is in place, I wonder if its muscular or if you need more PT deep tissue work. I really hope it gets better soon.  I'm wondering if you're confusing blood pressure reading with heart rate. Your numbers sound normal to me (recently retired ER nurse of 28 years), blood pressure would go up when you're active. Your blood pressure reading would be two numbers (100/70) your heart rate would be the count of your heart beats for one minute (100).  yes, I get pain in hip and back, back is al deformed from all this, I also wear special shoes with splints in them, it still is not enough, and after a while, I can't walk. I have to sit down between short walks ...even small ones thru the grocery store, or I use the carts or my cane. the cane isn't enough because I have it in my hips back and feet.  no  yes mild  I wouldn't do anything but see a Dr immediately. Sorry for not being any help.  I would undoubtedly go and see a Psychiatrist (MD) right away. This is not normal and could be signs of something severe, or a few things.  Have you tried the RICE method-rest,"icing=cold packs on 10mins per hr,compressing the foot w/an ace bandage & elevating it w/a pillow? try that for a day w/taking an Advil or Tylenol-if you notice any increase pain,swelling,color of your foot,inability to put any weight on your affected leg: -Get to an MD quick for an X-ray/evaluation. IMO-I think the RICE method will help you & this is most likely a sprain/strain & this is the traditional method of tx.  I also have the same experience with this. I was told once to try metamucill 1-2 weeks before my period starts. I just started to use it, will post the result of using it.  I'm no expert on this but i'd say the activity your questioning is unsafe due to the height off the ground may be dangerous if you were to fall, and an accident with an animal that size might be fatal with or without pregnancy. Considering the fact that when I was pregnant I was restricted from participating in any extracurricular activities i'm assuming because they were hazardous. My suggestion is to stay safe and make careful decisions for you and your baby.  I assume with all the tests restless leg syndrome was ruled out? I had that and that was the diagnosis.  I, too, have fibromyalgia. For the longest time, I thought all of the pain I felt in my hips and that whole area was because of it. There were many times that I had to be carried or had to stay in bed because it hurt way to badly to try to move an inch. I had been told a few times that it was one of my symptoms that resulted from the fibromyalgia. However, I recently found out from my pain management doctor that my x-rays are showing something no one ever told me about. Apparently, I was born with a deformity in which I have more bone on one side than the other,and this is what has caused me those specific pains for so long. It is very possible that your pain is being caused by the fibro, but it could also be caused by something similar to what I have experienced. If I were you, I would talk to my doctor about being sent for some x-rays and/or MRIs, just to raise the chance of getting a more definitive answer and/or rule some things out.  I should add that I'm tired now, I think I felt better when my blood pressure was high. :(  I would suggest an AV Duplex scan on your lower extremities. This diagnostic procedure can tell if there are blocked artery or veins that causes spasm. It can likewise detect any calcification which causes narrowing of your arteries and veins. Thanks.  HAVE YOU CHECKED YOUR IRON LEVELS THIS CAN BE A CAUSE OF COLD EXTREMITIES ESPECIALLY DURING EXERCISE SIMPLE BLOOD TEST SHOULD LET YOU KNOW IF YOU NEED AN IRON SUPPLEMENT MOST PEOPLE DO  If you are really concerned have an x-ray of it. However it is not uncommon to have bruising in the foot just above the toe, and under it. since it is shorter. You probably do have a fracture or at leased jammed. Tape it to the toe next to it for a few weeks, 4-6. if you are not going to the Dr. for an x-ray. It is to late to apply ice to it. That would have helped with the bruising. Keep it elevated when you are not on it. That will help keep the swelling down.  You are very young to be having this type of problem. Also 2 years is a long time to still be having this pain. But without an x-ray it would be hard to treat. You did not mention what the Dr. who ordered the MRI'S said. Or did you return for the results of the MRI ? It would be hard to treat without those results. Or possibly an x-ray. May not be that bad since the Dr. just ordered physical therapy. However, now you may not even know. Sorry.  Usually in the front, radiating around to the side.  You failed to mention if you have seen a doctor about this problem. Coupled with you cannot lose weight without lowering your intake. Eat more salads,fruits,and veggy's. Stay away from pastas, ice creams. pies cakes etc,etc. And you can do exercises in your chair. Leg lifts, barbells. Every little bit helps you burn calories. But if you continue to take in more than you burn up. You will continue to gain weight. I weigh 230 lbs. and 5 1/2 in high. Almost if not in the same boat you are in. You have to choose to do it. Consider what your weight brings with it. High Blood Pressure, Diabetes, heart trouble etc.etc. Your pain in your back,knees, and hip are more than likely due to being Obese...aka over weight. Loose weight loose the pain. You should see your Dr. also as you may be diabetic or pre- diabetic. Get a CBC blood test and see where you stand. I did, and founs out I was diabetic, elevated blood pressure, etc,etc. It scared me enough to loose weight. Like me you are a walking time bomb.  Sounds like you are having a gout attack. Can be very painful. And you may even find it red, or a rd strip along or on the toe.  More than likely a pulled or torn muscle. If so you may have the pain for a week or two weeks. However if you continue to have the pain. I would see your family Dr. or an Orthopedic Dr. as you will never know if it is a disc problem without an X-ray.  There are a lot of over the counter medications for your condition. And they do help. I would suggest you ask your Pharmacist for the best one to fit your problem.  Possibly a condition called Bell's Palsy.  I am not an MD. However my step-dad's father had an incident in which he scratched his eye with a piece of welding slag. It leaked for several weeks and eventually dried out causing him to have it removed. If the problem is highly persistent, or your eye leaks any fluid I would suggest having it looked at sooner rather than later.  i have two compressed fractures confirmed from MRI and Neruosrgeion/spine I can after weeks short walk and mostly bed rest use a cane. I highly recommend you ask your doctor and your body will tell you major pain at least for me.  I know it's on the left side, but if it gets too severe I'd go to the hospital since it could be appendicitis.  Go to the heart.org site and it gives you a chart.  well it could be ticks ( talk to your doctor about it)  This could possibly be a circulation problem. Other conditions that can cause cold extremities are thyroid issues (Hypothyroidism) or Diabetes. I hope this helps!  I had similar symptoms and it was concerning enough for my doctor to put me into the hospital to run tests to check if I was having a heart attack. Men and women can have different symptoms when they are having a heart attack. Women in particular can have abdominal pain, nausea, and back pain when they are having a heart attack instead of the "classic" signs! I hope this helps!  I lay on the edge of the bed on my back. Hubby stands next to bed and pulls me towards him. if your husband is tall you can use pillows to adjust height. My husband has a bad back and this is a good position for him also....for oral sex I sit on the floor or pillow with my back against the bed.. This supports my neck.  Have you tried altering ice and heat? I fell and turned my ankle in under me, I spent 8 weeks on crutches with a knot on top of my foot. The Doctor told me I had pulled the tendons in the top of my foot, He said for me to do the ice and heat, Tylenol and Ibuprofen and continue to walk on it, but to walk then elevate,, walk and elevate.  I know so many people that hate when a doctor wastes their time, but please do me a favor and go see your doctor. I have my own problems with lower back pain, and it took me asking the right questions and not dealing with a doctor that wasn't willing to help. To find out 3 months later I have a genetic issue and it caused me to break my back.The bigger reason to see the doctor is that I just lost a very dear friend that didn't think doctors new a thing, and after dealing with so many visits to the chiro we got her to the doctor. It was too late as she had bone cancer and it wasn't found soon enough. She suffered a lot as do all of us that wish we would have forced her sooner. The right doctor is out there, you just have to be willing to do the work to find them.  Yes, It could be a recurrence of the same problem.  I have had the same problem and found i am allergic to grass. I just take an over the counter allergy medicine.  I would say then it's related somehow to the Sciatic nerve. See a neurologist.  Yes, I have had friends over the past few years that have actually had fractures in their hands and feet and were still able to run and do every day tasks. They didn't even know they had been hurt  It's still going on, it won't going away. Can anything please give me an idea of what it might be? It's so annoying.  you may want your dr to see if your sacroiliac joint(s) are out of alignment. sitting does aggravate the pain, and stretching the area is not good for them either if you are having a problem with them. i am currently having mine looked at bc i haven't been able to walk right and have had extreme pain in the area for over 2 years. i hope you get some answers soon!  there are sweets out there that he can eat that taste like real sweets, I eat these sweets cause I have type2 diabetics    At 22 years of age, don't gamble with suppliments and home remedies, see an ortho specialist. I've had several knee injuries and two minuscus surgeries as a result of procrastination. Get your knees fixed now so you can avoid an arthritic condition down the road. Good luck.  Here is some more info about myself. I was in a long term safe sex relationship in college. After that I had protected sex with two Asian girls at a spa. I don't think the condom broke but I'm not 100 percent positive. I haven't had any kind of sexual intercourse in over one year. About 3 or 4 weeks ago I did get a table shower at an Asian spa. No intercourse of any kind but she did scrub my erect penis quite hard with a spongy thing during the table shower. I also have red spots on the left side of my public region near where my waistband rests. They do not really seem to be raised and they are not puss filled. The spots only seem to annoy me when my waist band rubs them. I never noticed and bumps or anything on my penis or scrotum before. I have noticed different kinds of bumps and rashes in my pubic area where my waistbelt sits in the past. Could this all be related to the possible fungal infection or do I have an std?  Go to a chiropractor, take Glucosomine and it is cheap through puritan pride.com... They have the best deals. Other problem could be your loosing bone and need to see a doctor. Another guess would be your shoes... good luck  is this your first time taking loratadine? Have you experienced muscle cramps before you took loratadine? Do you have any changes in your workout routine recently? If needed, you should stop taking Loratadine and see if these symptoms are improved.  it does sometimes... some people report accelerated heart rate after meals.. especially a heavy one  this is something related to the nerve responsible for hearing and balance .. u should see ur doctor he could prescribe some medications for you  you shouldn't  For about an hour, yes... Blood pressure raises during exercise and that is perfectly normal and it takes the body time to adjust back to a resting state after exercise. If you wan't to bring your blood pressure back down a bit sooner I would advise doing some form of light warm down or stretching afterward.. But generally, yes it is normal.  Just keep at it! Diets take time to progress and it is good that you have been cutting sugar and fats while doing some physical exercise. I am not sure if you consume alcohol or anything that has loaded calories but those should be avoided as well. The way I work my diet is on Sunday after eating healthy all week, I reward myself with pizza, ice cream bar, or something tasty. I would recommend you keep watching your diet since that is 75% of losing weight and absolutely do not eat any trans fats such as any fast food place because that will take you back about a week. Your saturated fats are the next on the list and should be significantly cut down to about half of your body weight. Keep getting mono and polyunsaturated fats because they are completely natural and can be found in almonds, seeds, and fish. Some healthy foods on my diet include rice, greek yogurt, chicken (not breaded), fish, almonds, pasta, oatmeal, and eggs. Eggs are great in the morning because they contain the amino acid carnitine which helps your body turn fat into energy. I usually wake up and drink a coffee for a boost in metabolism and also take a green tea capsule because it is a natural fat burner. The next point of focus is your workout program. Instead of doing a 3 mile walk, you should really look into High Intensity Interval Training. This process speeds your body up boosting your metabolism drastically for 12-24 hours and that will help you lose weight. This requires very tiring exercises that are performed at a fast and hard level. There are other exercises for abs that work 200% better than crunches. If you are trying to lose stomach fat. you should do higher reps at a fast pace as another boost of metabolism. Planks, side planks, oblique sit ups, bicycles, and mason twist will hit all of your abdominal muscles much better than crunches as they only focus on upper central abdominals. Keep doing yoga because that is a great trick for relaxation and helping muscles out. Also women's weights fluctuates a lot with menstruation so don't go to the scale more than once a week. Remember losing weight takes time as most people on the proper diet and exercise program will lose a couple pounds a month. Eat healthy and keep at it! Hope this helps  Not usually. My husband has full conversations with me and will even sit up in bed and act out his dreams. Two nights ago he grabbed my sleep pants and pulled my leg toward him. His sister sleep walks occasionally as well. Neither of them are aware of their behavior at the time and aren't aware of it until someone tells them about it. I have had many full conversations with my husband and when I talk to him about it the next day, he remembers none of it.  Did you ever figure out what was causing your problems? I have the exact same issues and docs can't find anything. I've had blood work ups, stress test, ekg, echo, and even some gastro work ups.  Well update; my heart Dr ordered a ehco tomm and stress test Thursday, as I have surgery , Aug.6th,2013. If I have, v-tac the Dr seems not to switch my atenolol. I'm scared to get surgery next week, but my cervical spines crushing my spinal cord, scarey a 3 hour surgery with heart problems. Seems after 2 different heart doctors no answer yet.. I'm tired of laying down my heart pounds, eating makes it pound so hard making it scarey to eat normal small meals even.. I wish it would all go away as it affects my health the pounding heart which gives my panic and anexity attacks 3-6 times a day.I will update again Thursday as to my tests results, once these tests are done my heart doctors to okay my for surgery...I have no clue at this point what to request my heart doctor to test for or look for.. Thanks for all the answers.  I just wanted to add that I have Fibromyalgia and MCTD as well, and unbearable hip/groin pain on my right side. I wasn't made aware until just last year that my right leg is a full inch shorter than my left at certain points. This obviously causes extreme pain in my hip and leg, I didn't think it would effect the groin though. I use a hot towel or heating pad for my groin area when it flares up. I wanted to ask the other commenter, what did your doctor suggest you do about it? Did he suggest a course of treatment to lessen your pain or better your quality of life? My Doctor pretty much implied I had to live with it...not really what I wanted to hear. Any feedback is appreciated. Thanks  problem w/patella  check with your doctor to be certain, but it sounds like you may be experiencing a problem with your sciatic (sci - at - ic) nerve. It can follow the path from your center low back, across your hip, and down the outside of the leg to the ankle and foot. It doesn't always follow the same path with everyone, however that is what it sounds like to me. I hope this helps.  Having been blessed with bearing five children, I can say that walking certainly helps it along. It helps to change your center of gravity and allows the baby to push down where it wants to go. If your contractions stop after you stop walking and sit or lie down, it likely isn't true labor but Braxton-Hicks contractions. hope this helps and congratulations on the upcoming (?) birth.  go to walmart, get the "LAVA" brand soap for a dollar. It has pumice particles in it. Pumice is the stones that people rub on their feet to take off dead skin cells and such. I accidentally tye-dyed my feet yesterday and the lava soap got it right out of my skin  just go to a chiropractor. if youre lucky, it will be easily diagnose-able.  depending on you age if your up there in years and getting stiff that will happen as long as once you get going it's not so rough happens to me all the time  I saw a video clip from dr. Oz show last night. It says for dry cough to use an suppresant(dextromethrophan) and for a wet cough to use expectorant (guaifenesin)  I cant think of the name of it, but I beleive there is nasal spray,( which may or may not also be for allergies), that works for dryness, too. Ask your pharmacist. i get some of my best information from them. Good luck. If I think of the name I will try to answer again.  I'm no doctor or other medical expert, but through your descriptions of your symptoms it sounds like you may have restless leg syndrome. Try getting another doctor's opinion and see if that helps. Please let me know it turns out for you, and hope you feel better! Have a good day!  usually if it is dislocated, chiropractor needs to place it back in place then put a cast or something to immobilize it to heal it properly. you probably need a x ray then the doctor would decide after seeing the result. if it is dislocated and you do nothing, it can heal but may be misaligned.  Have you talked to a doctor at all? It could be a small fracture. If it were a sprain, the pain would have been much worse at the beginning. Is it swollen at all? Take Tylanol for the pain and if there is any swelling, it should help with that as well. R.I.C.E. is a great aid for this type of injury, but if the pain keeps up, you may need an x-ray or an MRI.  it very well could be. i have them in my head and it's like my brain is plugged into a socket. if it is at night and everything is dark, i see sparks of light behind my eyes. usually it doesn't last long but it really is freaky.  The perfect time is the time of the day that you feel motivated and you feel like exercising. For most people, it will be every morning but it will actually depend on the kind of lifestyle that you have.  You most likely sprained your ankle or stretched a tendon, I have done the same thing a few times. I usually wrap my ankle in an ace bandage and prop my foot up and take an anti-inflammatory medication to help with swelling. If your foot dosnt get better you should see a doctor.  not sure..but maybe have your sugar checked. sometimes a low sugar level will case that.try orange juice and peanut butter crackers if handy. a sugar and a protein. but definitely consult a dr.  Have you had your back checked? If not start there it could definetly be your back...  you need to have surgery to sew up the stomach lining from where the fluid is coming from  yes sounds like he needs x rays for sure  I think you have arthritis problem.  see a Chiropractor..a MD will only waste your money and give out drugs..a good Chiro will make the proper diagnosis without drugs..I had samething. I went to mine today..its was how I sit while on laptop that made a disc go out.. she fixed it quick..sounds like your wife has a pinched nerve..  no  also doctor can check for blood clot. But usually you will have more increased warmth in that area. But it's safer to be checked out then to have a clot travel to your lungs which can be a big problem. Better to be safe. You also could have injured your muscles from walking differently then normal with the blister.    Your symptoms sounds more like a form of Arthritis, have you been checked for Rheumatoid or Psoriatic Arthritis? I have Psoriatic Arthritis and that is what I go through, I am also a diabetic not on insulin. If possible go see a Rheumatologist they will be able to diagnose you on either of these. I hope my answer was helpful  no  Systolic The top number, which is also the higher of the two numbers, measures the pressure in the arteries when the heart beats (when the heart muscle contracts). Diastolic The bottom number, which is also the lower of the two numbers, measures the pressure in the arteries between heartbeats (when the heart muscle is resting between beats and refilling with blood).  sounds like it may be have circulation issues.  Woke around 6 am with terrible bloating right upper abdomen and back pain, pain has persisted to increase through out the day as well as my temp. Diareah started shortly after waking in 10-15 minute frequency and has lasted the entire day with legs cramps starting around noon vomiting as well but not as often with dizzy spells and imidium has not helped at all. Was able to hold a little chicken soup doen and gatorade  definitely shin splints or small fractures in the bone. they are hard to get rid of but see ortho.  Anytime you fall, it is a cause for concern if you experience pain, especially lower back pain. You could be experiencing anything from nerve damage to a torn muscle. I would suggest that you visit your doctor as soon as possible.  you may want to look into Vertigo. my mother was just diagnosed with this and had a lot of the same symptoms. She'll go for days without an episode then all of a sudden she's dizzy, off balance and she ended up hurting herself fairly badly when she fell and hit her head. I'd suggest going to the doctor asap if you're able.  3yo covering ears and not talking? Maybe sensory processing issue? Some sounds irritating child. Is the not speaking something new or normal for your child?  I think you should definitely see a doctor, and I recommend you go to an Urgent Care or an Immediate Care facility (the one that has an X-ray machine on site. Before you go, I advise you to feel the effected area of your foot, find the spot where it hurts the most then, point your toes up ( this may hurt but, you want to find out what's wrong) so you can really feel where the bones are and see if your most painful spot is on one of those bones. If it is, you could very likely have a hairline fracture (a crack in the bone). I'm not a doctor but, I have associated with people who had a hairline fracture and had to be put on crutches, because if left untreated, it's likely to become a full fracture. I hope you get it checked out as soon as possible, and get well soon.  Yes, you should go see a doctor!!! You should go see one who has an X-ray machine on site (quicker diagnosis). It may just be a sprain but, you also could've gotten a crack in the bone called a "Hairline Fracture". You'll never know what's really wrong an how much longer the healing process will take if you don't get it checked out. I've had experience with sprains, especially one on my left knee. I couldn't straighten my leg for a few weeks and was on crutches, but I still many times walked in a limp and drag sort of way. If you can't walk at all, you should get it looked at, to see if you may have cracked the bone.  Your shocks can absolutely, positively be caused by your MS. I get the sensation of being "tasered" from my elbows through my hands. These "shocks" have literally lifted me inches off the couch or bed they are so powerful. I spent 10 days in the hospital with an EEG and 6 months later on an ambulatory EEG at home. Seizures were ruled out. So great; once again I find out what it's not. The best answer I get is that they are a "complication of MS". The still hurt like hell though.  I am having the exact same problem. Did you end up seeing a doctor or getting better?  it could be herniyah  def see a doctor and untill you know whats going on i would stop running , try ice and heat packs to keep the pain down, 20 min at a time if you see swelling ice if theres no swellling only pain heat , :) hope this helps feel better  i dont think you have anything to worry about seeing how worms are very common in dogs , puppy almost always have something like that , i feel that if there was a chance that the kids could catch em more kids in general would have them u know what i mean, i think ur babies are in the clear .... now that ur pup is done with his meds...just relax and enjoy him ..rememebr just like kids dogs only stay lil for so long :) hope this helped  What would I do? If the amount of bleeding has not slowed, ice and elevate for 24 hours. Still no change? See a doctor. Maybe you would benefit from stitches. As for the swelling... redness and heat are signs of possible infection. Feet are dirty sites so see a doctor. But, also consider... your feet ache and throb after a day at the mall. This is due to increased blood flow which can make it hard for a wound to heal. Ice and elevate (above the heart ie. lay with foot propped on pillows) after walking whenever you can and at bedtime. OTC ibuprofen for pain and swelling (stay away from aspirin, it is a blood thinner). The pain, swelling and throbbing may last weeks because you are constantly irritating the injury when you walk. But you should see gradual improvement. As always, if things just don't seem right see your doctor. The earlier the attention, the quicker the recovery. Good Luck!  You are going to want to avoid highly acidic foods and high fat foods. These foods may cause extra gas or stomach pain that can lead to diarrhea. I've had my gall bladder out and found that I can no longer drink coffee (stomach pain and gas) or eat pinapple (heartburn and stomach pain). It may be a bit of trail and error for you. In the begining, If you are going to eat one kind of fatty food, don't eat it with another fatty food, so that you can see what the food does to you and tell if you need to avoid it or not. (don't eat a sausage/brat and icecream within the same meal until you know what each does to you). Also, make sure you are getting enough fiber, especially because you do a lot of sitting. Fruits, Veggies, whole grains, and beans are all good sources of fiber. Good luck!  hey , there can be a lot of reasons for all this happening to you , 1 .first of you should must adjust carbohydrate quantity and qualityin your diet, 2.your muscles are also not strong enough as you dont do workout regularly, 3.may be you are not well hydrated.take fluids with essential electrolytes before during and after exercise. 4.start working out regularly or alternatively one day rest and the next workout. 5.always do a little warm up before exercise and stretching after the exercise. 6.eat proteins a bit more than you normally eat so that your muscles can develop. 7.take at least 8 hours sleep a day which should must have a ciesta of 1 to 2 hours. 8.take a cup of coffee an hour before doing exercise this will boost your metabolism and keep you vigilant for a couple of hour at least. 9.and at last your tiredness can also be a result of some medical condition like Hypothyroidism or some metabolic disease, I am a 5 year med student, i was skinny a 2 year before and same things used to happen to me , then i started using the techniques that i mentioned above, and it really improved my stamina , my muscle size and my mood especially, i gained 10 kg of weight without any increase in my waist. that was a just a brief overview of the solution to your problem, if you want details of all this , i am here to help you, muhammad noman imtiaz cuba nomanimtiaz@ucmex.vcl.sld.cu  Please see a gynecologist ASAP  i like yoga. i always feel rejuvenated after yoga.  try yoga. the problem may not originate in your knee at all! it may be from some other alignment issue in another part of your body. that is the case for me with my knee pain. it comes from my hips and other alignment issues i have also play a role. the body is all one! In my view, you must look at the whole rather than just a part. Yoga practice helped me to identify where in my body needs work. I hope this helps! Good luck.  I sounds like he damaged the ligaments under the knee. Which only hurts when you pressure on the knee like kneeling of touching. He should get it checked out soon. The longer he waits the worse it will become because of inflammation under the knee. This will cause the knee to eventually lock in a slight bent position and then it will be difficult to move and that is something that you do not want.  I don't know what this word is inguinal  I also have peripheal artery disease. I had severe pain in my left calf when walking, the right also hurt but not as bad. I saw a vascular surgeon who did some tests. He scheduled a procedure where he put a scope in to my lower arteries. When he did this he said it was worse then he thought. He put 2 stents in the artery on the left, and 1 stent on the right. No more pain! I can walk without the severe pain in my calves. My legs will feel fatigued when walking, the doctor said it's from the low blood flow, but without the pain it is so manageable. I'm seen by him every 3 months, my legs are checked with the pressure cuffs each time. Maybe a vascular surgeon could help you with some of the pain you're experiencing. Good luck.  stinging pain in my right big toe only,that comes and goes.What is this?  Get your blood sugar checked. I'm a retired architect and started experienced burning and cramping in my lower legs while climbing ladders, stairs and walking irregular job-sites...went to the m.d. thinking it was old disc injury re-surfacing...nope, it was type 2 diabetes which had developed a blockage in an artery in my groin. you're lucky, it got both my legs. when you walk, your muscles are demanding more blood-flow, i.e. oxygen, that they can't get so they burn and cramp. After decades with diabetes, I've found that long, seated positions can exacerbate weakened or diseased vessels (common to diabetes). Needless to say, i spent many hours doing that at my desk or a drawing board. Good Luck  the barometric pressure affects the way people feel. Especially those with chronic illnesses  Don't ice it, brisk - wlking. Heat is ok. I've that too. Go see ortho. I've did the lock the facets injection and physio. It's getting better. But after the injection i've mood swings. Spine is better now.  I think when you have a new symptom and especially pain, you should see a doctor.  I have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, and exercising makes me worse. It's called "exercise malaise". I don't know if that's what you have, but I would ask your doctor.  Really good question. The incidence of non-sexual teens is probably pretty low in this day and time. But yes, God bless them It happens. I think you have to address the cramping first, obviously. Lots of possible causes. Again I say you start at the most obvious cause and work your way back to the most obscure. With girls, cramps are most commonly due to menes, blood flowing thru the cervix, clots hurt more. The cervix which is the distal end of the uterus which extends down into the vag, is very sensitive to stuff going thru it, dilating it. That's why clots hurt more than just thin blood. Some doctors, from my experience over the years have used BC pills to control blood flow down the uterus to the vag. I'm not a girl but I've been married twice and I have 2 daughters. One started her periods at age 8. Very cruel joke from mother nature. Both my wives had endometriosis and had bleeding problems. Cramps were an everyday occurence. So was overflow bleeding. Geez I felt so bad for my girls. Nothing prepares a girl for that..... Gone are the days when girls cramps were written off by professionals as nerotic. I know it hurts. Altho some girls tend to be drama queens, who actually knows how bad it hurts except them? Historically, BC pills, a cocktail of hormones I think, seem to reduce blood loss. Also affects weight gain. Bigger boobs too. Fluid retention. Lovely... But my answer to your direct question is, if it's BC pills then yes it COULD help with the cramps. And who knows or wants to know if they're sexually active? Just put them on the pill...hope for the best. If it doesn't work with the cramps let them know they should tell you, so you can seek other answers. Parenting is tough, especially with girls. This is my best answer.  Not likely unless you have osteoporosis or some other calcium deficiency/absorption problem. I'd try just babying it which means stay off it as much as possible and take OTC anti-inflammatory meds. Should heal itself. Probably a tendonitis or some other connective tissue sprain/strain. Asprin is my fav and it's completely harmless when taken correctly. Get the enteric coated and take it with food, unless you have a bleeding problem.  Hip replacements have come a long way in 13 years. I've seem a couple of total hips come out of socket in my days. I've even helped a few orthopods reduce dislocations. That means I helped them put them back in. I'd say get a lawyer as these things are prone to happen. If you could only see what I've seen. In my limited opinion, the early hip replacements were an exercise in "let's see what happens".... All I can say is, it's a work in progress. But don't condeme them. When anything is new, it's never perfect. It's the chance you take.  The ball of my foot is hurting really bad  sounds like gout. or some type of arthritis/inflamation, you should see a foot doc asap, drink lots of water and it will help the gout pain if it is gout and drink alot of homemade lemonade made out of real lemons  Sounds like dehydration. Are you drinking enough water when you run? You need to make sure that you increase your intake of water when you work out. You sweat out a lot of your fluids when you work out so they need to be replenished. Also don't work out on a completely empty stomach. It will make your blood sugar decrease which could also make you dizzy when you work out.  My husband had this some time ago--we were sent to a physical therapist, trained in a method from the Mayo Clinic. It is based on the fact that as people age, they often have tiny particles in the inner ear move out and cause the vertigo. There is a technique they use of manipulating the head to place them back where they belong. It did the trick for my husband. Sounds silly, but it isn't. I've also been told the directions for doing this may be found online. Check out Mayo Clinic...we did have a handout from there showing how it is done. Good luck.  http://pmahoney.buythistoday.info/  yes i would go 2 the er eyes are not something 2 play with  I'm physician, but I'm familiar with friends and family who have diabetes. Even if physically fit, people can still diabetes. It may also be a sign that the level of in your blood is significantly low. is a condition associated with low iron, where staying warm is a challenge. Taking iron pills or daily vitamins may help your blood stay healthy and circulate properly, allowing good blood flow through out the body. Thus keeping your body temperature normal. Probably having your blood sugar and levels checked couldn't hurt. At least that would be two things you could narrow down on the list. :)  Birth control pills, estrogen and progesterone, are powerful and potentially dangerous drugs and should not be used for period cramping unless there is a clear need. These drugs have very severe side effects and should not be taken lightly. Birth control pills can cause blood clots, liver cancer, gallbladder disease, heart attacks, acne, oily scalp, hair loss, high blood pressure, depression, cataracts and many, many other side effects.  I have had several seizures and have yet to know what I do, I remember the room getting dark, then I see nothing, and it seems like a just a few seconds and I am ok, but I never remember it and I have been told that it lasted a few minutes, not seconds.  sounds like sciatic nerve damage following restless leg syndrome i have it and its horrible i am a nurse and have fibromyalgia and its caused me to have all sorts of issues. see the doctor for meds and therapy  I would give it a little while. Since you are walking, it isn't broken, but your feet have more tendons in them than muscle mass, you likely bruised some tendons. Internal bruising can take several months to heal. Keep off your feet as much as possible, elevation is good too.  You said you were walking around afterwards, this means nothing is broken. Internal bruising can take up to several months to heal. It sounds like the bruise made its way to the surface, hence the swelling. This is good. Keep doing what you're doing, and give it time. Avoid the doctor bill, especially with feet, there's nothing much a doc can do... even if it were broken.  I too have several bulging discs in my spine. I was injured when I was a teenager, the injury progressed into sciatica and degenerative arthritis, and now I require a cane.  I don't remember anything. I was shopping with my family, the last thing I remember is looking at a pair of boots with my daughter. My son said I looked up and then dropped and started seizing. My next memory is about an hour later in the ambulance. They were asking my name and I knew I should know the answer but could not come up with it.  Might have a herniated disk like I had once. It hurts terribly.  yes, it's not a little too high, it's WAY too high! a normal glucose reading for a non-diabetic should be 70-110. have his doctor run an A1C blood test, this measures his overall blood glucose average over approximately 90 days. make sure he goes to that appointment fasting.  I had the same type of pain. My doctor said the femoral nerve was being compressed in my back and sent me for therapy. I was very doubtful about this, but after a few weeks of therapy, the pain disappeared. The main exercise was:  Having a MRI on your brain does not hurt. I have had one last year and you can't feel anything. The only thing is that you have to be still and you lie on your back for about 30 min. or so. Maybe longer or maybe sooner but try to use the restroom before you have it done. And try not to drink so much before the test. You can stand and walk after the test. They also did mine with contrast and that means that they will inject some dye into your arm but you may feel a warmth come over you but that is normal and then they take some more pictures and then its over. Then your doctor will tell you the results.  you should see yor doctor. There are several causes of foot pain, and ignoring it is not going to help the problem,  I am not an expert in this matter but it sounds like you may have diabetes. Arthritis might play a role in it as well but I would definitely get a blood sugar test.  Both my oldest son and myself have ADD and take Vyvanse. You didn't mention how old your nephew is and what his approximate weight is. That does make a difference. I am 36 and take 60 mg in the morning and then take another ADD medication in the late afternoon that isn't extended release. My son is 18 and approximately 250 pounds. He takes 70 mg of Vyvanse every morning. You should definitely talk to your son's psychiatrist about the side effects he is having. Some general practitioners prescribe it but they do not have the knowledge to do so safely. If he doesn't have a psychiatrist then get him one ASAP. My opinion.  just go and get any an X-ray then u can only be clear what it is  I broke my spine at L4 L5 on top of a nerve with cyst. I had surgery, and decided to take jobs where I could walk... well, you always seem to end up dragging heavy things around which is not good for you. Also, do not go bowling - that a no-brainer, but evidently I do not have one. I find walking is the best, and I agree it is boring so... I walk in big stores, because it is more interesting. Wal-Mart is great because it is so big you can keep a good pace. I have a huge herniated disc and nerve room involvement just where I had the spinal fusion surgery. I am in pain right now, and the nerve block did not work. I am also a little scared because I do not know what is going to happen next. I went to physical therapy, because the insurance required it before my nerve block. They could not work on my back because it was too swollen - but you might benefit you. I have been to other physical therapists and they were not that helpful. I really like this one - Results Physical Therapy. They may be a chain. They will give you exercises (that make sense and help.) Good luck - do not forget to use an ice pack because that helps (I use frozen peas wrapped in a towel. Thanks, Denise  Well that is a dangerous question to ask as you may not like the answers you will get. although these issues may be caused by possible dehydration (the drink more water part) I think it was a brush off on the ER's part. It is possible to be something far worse but I am not an MD. in any way shape or form but to me it sounds a lot like MS. I would have your family doctor look in to it and set up a appointment with a specialist.  Are you on Blood pressure medications ? This might be the cause. A check in with your Doc might be in order.  no but have bulging disk and nerve conduction problems per emg test  its ok its normal i work standing up for 10 hours a day n the same thing happens to me usauley a warm batch and some epsom salt that can help  use ice to reduce swelling1 wk only if no change need to see doctor for MRI  need to see GYN specialist  Make sure that you are; sleeping enough eating properly moderate exercise get check-up from dr. You may also need vitamins  Sounds like you may have Crohn's Disease or Ulcerative Colitis and a really bad case of hemorrhoids. People who suffer from Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis are encouraged to not eat seeds and nuts because it aggravated the stomach and colon, If the gastrointestinal specialist you saw could not find anything on your colonoscopy then I would seek a second opinion asap.  